Job Description: We are looking for a Software Engineer II with the desire to make an impact and help us achieve our patient centric vision. Your overall mission: As a Software Engineer II , you’ll be an integral part of a solution oriented product development team tasked with creating great outcomes for customers and improving operational excellence. In deep partnership with leadership, you’ll work in an empowering environment that promotes product team autonomy and rewards innovative thinking. What you’ll do: Develop and implement software to earn the love and trust of our customers Deliver value in end to end experiences for our customers Collaborate with product managers on strategy and roadmap development for short, medium and long term Partner with product management, data science, design, marketing and operations to understand stakeholder needs Maintain a deep understanding of all sides of Medly’s business by continually learning our tech stack as well as our pharmacy, customer experience, and logistics operations Contribute to personal and team development by establishing goals for yourself and participate in knowledge sharing with your coworkers Promote ambitious but sustainable growth through investment in resilient systems that minimize support burdens What you’ll gain: Competitive compensation and benefits A fantastic growth and career development opportunity The ability to make a massive impact and improve lives What you’ll need: 3 or more years of software development experience Knowledge in one (or more) of the following: Nodejs, AWS Lambda, Kotlin, React, Javascript, Python, and Ruby on Rails Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering, a related field, or equivalent experience Experience designing cloud based software at scale Building systems using Service Oriented Architecture or Microservice design patterns is a plus Great communication skills History of team oriented development Drive to continuously learn Motivation to make an impact by achieving tangible results Startup and or healthcare experience is a plus! David Energy is creating a new kind of energy company. Traditional Retail Electricity Providers are outdated, opaque, and painful for customers to engage with. We are using software driven solutions to create an entirely new way of doing business in this space and build a category defining company. Our mission is to give energy customers greater transparency and control while creating a cheaper, cleaner, more reliable electricity grid. Our success will depend on aggregating and analyzing data to properly dispatch and manage users’ assets (such as battery storage, HVAC, and solar) in real time energy markets to provide the customer with the most value possible. We are looking for an experienced backend engineer who can spearhead the development of our platform. The ideal candidate will be a passionate and hands on leader who wants to build the foundations of a world class software organization. We want someone with an innate curiosity who would enjoy getting up to speed on energy quickly in order to approach this sector in a new way. As a Software Engineer, you will be creating an energy management platform that is a first of its kind. The role reports to the CTO and will be located at our HQ in our Brooklyn, NY offices. Responsibilities include: Design, build, and maintain APIs, user facing experiences, services, and systems across the stack Participate in the design and implementation of all data initiatives including ETL/data pipeline building Iterate rapidly on features and tools Work closely with the product and automation teams Minimum Qualifications: BS in Computer Science 4 5 years experience as a software engineer Familiarity with Python, Flask, AWS , Postgresql In depth understanding of the development process (design, development, deployment) Generalist mindset – wants to learn and evolve, and not be siloed to one domain Experience working on an Agile team to ship MVPs and iterate on them over time Ability to work together well within a team Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 2+ years of non internship professional software development experience At least 5+ years work experience in a related field Demonstrated proficiency with Java, C++, Scala or similar modern programming languages Computer Science fundamentals in object oriented design Computer Science fundamentals in data structures Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis Obsession with quality, operational excellence, and customer experience Are you passionate about building platforms that improve the sharing of tribal knowledge between teams? Are you looking to innovate around how people collaborate to create knowledge and build rich media narratives? Amazon is looking for a highly motivated full stack engineer to help build a platform that manages millions of pieces of content and serves hundreds of thousands of users in various experiences such as desktop and mobile. This is your chance to impact the tools that shapes culture through the sharing of knowledge by solving problems such as: Analyzing user behavior for creating, editing, and collaboration and build tools that remove friction, allowing users to focus on content management. Identify platform bottlenecks and refinements that lead to a highly available service that meets the needs of a global company. Help build a platform which other services can integrate into and innovate on top of, giving users direct ownership in how and what type of content can be added to the collective knowledge base. We are looking for passionate Software Engineers who have experience building innovative, applications that customers love. As a member of the team you will help with design, implementation and launch of many key product features. You will have influence on defining product features, drive operational excellence, and spearhead the best practices that enable a quality product. Experience taking a leading role in building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Experience mentoring junior software engineers to improve their skills, and make them more effective, product software engineers Hands on expertise in many disparate technologies, typically ranging from front end user interfaces through to back end systems and all points in between Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation. Two Sigma is a financial sciences company, combining data analysis, invention, and rigorous inquiry to help solve the toughest challenges in investment management, insurance technology, securities, private equity, and venture capital. Our team of scientists, technologists, and academics looks beyond the traditional to develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most complex economic problems. Technology drives our business — it's our main advantage — and software engineers play a pivotal role. Software engineers at Two Sigma focus on analysis, experimentation, design, and elegant implementation. They build the scalable tools the organization needs to explore data's possibilities and act on our findings – to mine the past and attempt to predict the future. As a Two Sigma engineer, you'll champion the rigorous, collaborative, scientific approach that allows us to meet business needs. You'll join a forward looking, future reaching organization to build software that will scale with the company. We attract engineers with a true passion for data. We seek individuals who want to build for today and invent for tomorrow. We value curiosity and insight, balanced with pragmatism and practicality. We recognize both the small steps, as well as the broad vision. We are seeking a diverse set of software engineering interns to join our team. With a group that includes a Unix Lifetime Achievement winner, Putnam medalists, ACM Programming competition finalists, and International Mathematics Olympiad medalists, you'll be in the company of ambitious high achievers with common goals and a love of learning. The summer internship program lasts 10 weeks and takes place at our Soho based New York City office. You will partner with an assigned mentor and work on a single project during the course of your time here, which culminates in a final presentation. You'll have the chance to attend all Two Sigma events, from brown bag lunches to our ongoing series of guest speakers. We’ll host intern specific social events to help you get to know other Two Sigma employees and explore all that surrounding New York City has to offer. As a student, you will be hired into a general Software Engineering role and matched to a specific team 2 3 months before you start. Depending on the Engineering area you join, you will take on the following responsibilities: Building the underlying infrastructure that virtually every other engineering team at Two Sigma uses, such as our distributed storage and public and private cloud environments. Ensuring the reliability of “mission critical” products and systems vital to Two Sigma, such as our main trading system. Using a suite of open source and proprietary tools to build the environments that test and deploy our quantitative strategies, also known as models. Building and maintaining the low latency, high performance infrastructure and systems responsible for executing trades. Building and scaling the infrastructure used to ingest data from 10,000+ sources daily. Partnering with our Corporate teams to develop tools, systems and products responsible for increasing productivity and efficiency across the organization. You should possess the following qualifications: Coursework towards a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD degree in a technical or quantitative field. Experience with Java, C, C++, Python, Ruby, Perl, or other languages that target the JVM. Experience in large scale systems. Exceptional programming skills. Strong analytical, organizational, and interpersonal skills. An obsession with building quality software. We are open minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology. While we analyze the data rich domain of finance, financial experience is not a requirement. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics. Job Title: Software EngineerDepartment: ITReports to: Senior IT ManagerAugusta, GeorgiaOrLocation: Remote in the following states only:New York, New Jersey, South Carolina, Georgia or FloridaHours: 9:00 am – 5:00 pm. Candidate must be flexible to work beyond normal office hoursClassification: Exempt, Full timeThis position will not have direct supervisory responsibilities but will requireSupervises: frequent coordination, and when appropriate direction, of the activities of third parties as necessary to accomplish the assigned tasksBest Lawyers, a technology focused legal ranking firm, in Augusta, Georgia, is currently seeking a Software Engineer to help lead the expansion of our global footprintWhy do you want to work for Best Lawyers? Best Lawyers is a fast paced, fun and collaborative environment, where jeans and tees are encouraged. Unlimited cups of coffee, monthly lunches, employee enrichment events, and more await you at our brand new headquarters in downtown Augusta! We also offer very competitive benefits such as medical, dental, and vision, 401K and 401K matching, a generous amount of paid time off,13 paid holidays, life, short and long term disabilityPosition summaryOur technology is built on the foundation of our 35 year reputation as the most respected legal peer review network in the world. Best Lawyers is seeking recent Computer Science graduates (or related course of study) for entry level Software Engineering positionsSoftware Engineers at Best Lawyers are responsible for development of new projects and support of existing code bases. The primary role will be to build and support all aspects of the software technology stack, insuring maximum uptime, performance, and scalability. Our technology is built around a Microsoft Windows technology stackOur team is geographically disbursed. We leverage Agile methodologies to help manage workload and keep our various stake holders in the loop. The candidate will be required to have a high level of communication skills, both verbal and written and will be expected to interact with all levels of the business and on occasion with customersIn this position, the candidate will be challenged to maintain, improve, and create new features in an ever changing environment while ensuring stability and site performanceThey should love challenging the status quo and strive to make everything easier, faster, and more robustQualifications requiredProactive, self motivated, and strong ability to multitaskA Bachelor’s degree in a computer science or related fieldExperience developing software using .NET technologiesExperience with UI / UX DesignHigh level understanding of large application architectures design and developmentUnderstands and values software engineering design patternsAbility to work under pressure in a fast paced environmentTechnical requirements require a familiarity with the following technologies: o C# 6 o SQL Server 2016 o JavaScript o ASPNET MVC 5 o Entity Framework 6With Code First Migrations o LINQOther desired technologies o Light Inject o jQuery o Vuejs o Elasticsearch o ASPNET Identity 20 o Topshelf Services o MS DevOps Team Services Source Control/Build/Release management toolsQualifications desired Understanding of Responsive Web DesignExperience with Windows Azure EnvironmentsExperience with both server level and client side cachingExperience with Windows Azure App Services deploymentAbility to write technical documentation to articulate technical design and implementationUnderstanding of best practices and SDLC from an Agile perspectiveTake responsibility and ownership of their work, while having a strong desire to help others succeedEssential functions and responsibilities Work independently and manage individual projects priorities, deadlines, and deliverables – We are a remote workforceUtilize software engineering best practices and design principlesTeam oriented mindset with the ability to work with local and remote teamsSupport and maintain large scale .Net websites, microsites, and landing pages o Integrate designs and .Net back end functionality o Architect, program, troubleshoot, and support websites and related applications in a .NET and SQL environment o Convert designs and mockups to functioning web pages according to best practices o Verify website functionality on multiple browsers and platformsProactive in providing suggestions in regards to product development, new services and technologies or enhancements to existing systems/configurations, which will assist the end user in improving overall service to our customersProvide on going production support as neededDevelop solutions using best practices and stream lined architecture in order to maintain optimal system performanceReviews business requirements documentation and translates those requirements into unique, high quality solutionsParticipate in on call duty as required for application supportJob Type: Full timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID 19 Wirecutter is seeking a Front end Software Engineer to work collaboratively to build digital products and features that share our research and expertise, helping our millions of readers make informed buying decisions. As a Software Engineer, you will be a member of a cross functional team that includes other engineers as well people working in disciplines like product management, project management, and design. We are working toward our mission of being the most trusted and helpful recommendation service, and you will use your knowledge and skills alongside your team members to help us get there. We have a respectful and inclusive culture that values learning, creative problem solving, supportive teamwork, and shipping value. We focus on scale, reliability, performance and product agility, which means picking the right tool for the job, while also being pragmatic and flexible as needed. Wirecutter is powered by a modern web stack consisting of a variety of languages and frameworks including: Javascript React, Nodejs, Express, Apollo PHP WordPress, Laravel This is a remote position in a fully distributed department. We are eligible to hire you if you live in the United States in the following states only: AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, HA, IA, IL, MA, ME, MI, MN, MO, NH, NY, OH, OR, PA, TX, VA, WA. In this role, you will: Collaboratively tackle difficult and ambiguous problems as part of a cross functional team. Write, test, debug, and deploy code across a variety of languages and frameworks, particularly Javascript/React. Work across the different phases of the software development lifecycle including estimating level of effort, identifying the best approach, building, performing QA testing, deploying, documenting, debugging, and supporting features. Participate and contribute to stand ups, sprint planning, and retrospectives at the agile team level and up. Perform code reviews with helpful and meaningful feedback for your teammates. Research, document, note trade offs and recommend potential solutions around future product features. Work collaboratively across the engineering department to ensure standard methodologies and processes are followed. Lead by example. About You: You think critically, provide helpful feedback to your co workers, collaborate well with others, tackle problems that achieve business goals, and are biased towards action. You are self aware, can clearly communicate complex ideas in writing or in person, and have. You Should Have: Solid understanding of front end development concepts (HTML and CSS) Programming experience in Javascript or PHP Knowledge of software principles, application architecture, data structures, coding conventions, and security practices. Strong communication skills that allow you to convey complex ideas in writing or in person. Ability to use your technical skills to achieve business goals. Analytical and creative problem solving skills. Empathy for our readers and desire to improve their experiences. Desire to work collaboratively as part of a multidisciplinary team. Ideally, you have experience developing features that require integration with a content management system such as WordPress or Drupal. Ideally, you have previously worked on a distributed or hybrid team. About Wirecutter: Founded nine years ago by journalists fed up with the time and energy it takes to shop, Wirecutter developed a simpler approach to giving buying advice: just tell people exactly what to get in one single guide. The company’s purpose: to help people find great things, quickly and easily. Through rigorous testing, research, reporting, and whatever means necessary, they create straightforward recommendations that save readers from unnecessary stress, time, and effort. We then monetize these guides by enabling our readers to easily purchase the products they are interested in. Locations: Wirecutter’s main office is located in Long Island City, Queens, NY. We have another small office located in Los Angeles. Wirecutter remains a highly remote culture, and our engineering department is mostly distributed. Right now, we are only eligible to hire in the following locations: AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, HA, IA, IL, MA, ME, MI, MN, MO, NH, NJ, NY, OH, OR, PA, TX, VA, WA. #LI AM1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. Commvault is a worldwide leader in delivering backup and recovery for the progressive enterprise. Commvault enables you to protect, manage, and use your data, while managing it in a consistent, compliant way. Our automated solutions work on prem and in the cloud, and work with the digital tools and procedures you’re already using. Keep your data accessible and actionable with a single solution that ensures your data is always available — no matter what. This is a professional learning opportunity and internship sponsored by Commvault through Breakthrough Tech offered to qualified, vetted and pre selected approved students. Assignments and responsibilities will potentially include but not be limited to: Analyze Systems and software requirements to ensure maximum software efficiencyDemonstrate the effective us of software development tools to develop software applicationAppy appropriate software development process to design a software applicationProgram a computer application using the appropriate programming languagePerform quality assurance tasks as part of the software development cycleUse product or service design processes and guidance to produce a quality information product or serviceRecognize and analyst potential IT security threats to develop and maintain security requirements Commvault is an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are always committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. and we will not discriminate against on the basis of such characteristics or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we work. Otis is looking for talented frontend engineers to bring our vision of democratizing wealth to life. We're not looking for rockstars or ninjas; we're simply looking for smart people who are always willing to learn, enjoy collaborating, and never shy away from a challenge. You'll be joining a lean engineering team working to build a consumer facing app at the intersection of culture and fintech, poised to scale in the coming year. What you'll do: As a front end engineer, you will play a key role building our mobile app in React Native and Redux. This includes building new features, maintaining and improving our codebase, and providing feedback on APIs and architecture. Our team is highly collaborative, and you’ll also have the chance to provide feedback on everything from culture to architecture, as well as team operations and the overall product. Who you are: You have 2+ years experience with React or Vue. You are obsessed with clean code. You take pride in great class design and choosing the right level of abstraction. Tests are your best friend. You love keeping up with the latest developments in the mobile world. Last year, you were mad that Hooks for React hadn't been released yet. You're familiar with REST APIs. You immediately wrinkle your nose when you see POST /update_name. We prefer generalists over specialists and look for candidates with a history of pushing past their comfort zone and learning new things. You understand—and are excited to join—an early stage company and have the opportunity to play a critical part in building the app and new features. US. work authorization with no visa sponsorship required. Want to learn more? Take a look at our culture docs, including details on compensation, potential projects, and more. About Otis At Otis, we turn aficionados into shareholders. We believe in transparency, liquidity, and trusting your own gut. We're democratizing an otherwise closed market and making alternative assets accessible. Invest in the things that you value, and whose value you understand, for as little as $25 and build a portfolio better suited to a museum than a stock ticker. Our Culture We have a saying here: “we design our culture like we design the product.” Culture is the most important foundation for a successful company. A great culture provides the context for people to deliver their best work. Our goal is to find the fastest way to win. Our culture is designed to allow us to achieve this . Transparent Compensation We don’t believe that better negotiators necessarily make better employees. Every employee can see their current salary, the salary levels for their team, and what each level’s salary increase would amount to in the future. This allows us to offer equal pay to all employees. Otis is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a culture where diverse thoughts are welcomed and rewarded. The Demand Management Team is responsible for the inventory management, troubleshooting, and performance reporting side of the Publisher’s advertising business. You will be part of a team developing, designing, and testing features that enable cutting edge monetization strategies. We collaborate globally with cross functional teams with diverse technology backgrounds and work closely with Product Managers. You will Participate in all stages of the software development life cycle from design and development, to deployment and maintenance. About your skills: Demonstrable experience in software engineering building web applications Knowledge and work experience with JavaScript and JavaScript frameworks such as Angularjs, React, Vue Understanding and work experience in any back end language, such as Java, PHP, Node Knowledge of RESTful Web services Experience working with SQLKnowledge of computer science fundamentals: Object Oriented and/or Functional programming, design and asynchronous and event driven development Experience writing unit and integration tests Ability to work independently and make use of your time effectivelyFamiliarity with Linux More about you: You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower others You like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long term solutions for the whole ecosystem You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and tools **Please note: We are NOT currently accepting unsolicited Staffing Agency/Vendor candidates at this time. Xandr / Warner Media / AT&T will not be responsible for any candidates submitted without prior written authorization.** The Challenge: Are you looking for an opportunity to build a powerhouse system that will modernize Air Force enterprise capabilities? You know a good system is more than just a nice looking interface + data. You know you need the right combination of clean code, APIs, analytics, and infrastructure to build a user focused solution. As a developer on our team, you’ll learn how to help customers overcome their most difficult challenges using the latest architectural approaches like microservices. You’ll also have the opportunity to use open source frameworks and tools. As part of our development team, you’ll help create a custom system with consistent performance and scalability. You’ll directly impact intelligence analysis and reporting by developing a modernized system to help intelligence analysts be more efficient and effective. With mentoring, positive code reviews, and opportunities to learn new tools and skills, we focus on growing as a team to make the best solutions for our customers. Join us as we build systems to change the Air Force and intelligence community for the better. Empower change with us. You Have: Experience with languages, including Java, C++, C#, Python, JavaScript, or Perl in an industry or academia environment Knowledge of Web protocols Knowledge of databases, including Oracle, MS SQL, PostgreSQL, or MySQL Ability to obtain a security clearance Scheduled to obtain a BA or BS degree by Spring 2021 Nice If You Have: Experience with the Agile software development process and tools, including Atlassian Tool Suite Ability to work independently and within a team Ability to analyze and solve problems Secret clearance BA or BS degree CompTIA Security CE+ Certification We seek exceptional candidates from a variety of schools and programs. Individuals who are highly capable of developing insight and advice for our clients, but also highly motivated to work with our clients to help implement the solutions we develop. Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Build Your Career: A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have access to:experts in virtually every fielda culture that focuses on supporting our employeesopportunities that provide stability while offering variety You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands on training on the latest tools and tech from our in house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. URT1 Source Enterprises is now hiring for immediate start on a number of commercial internet projects. Work with and learn from the best creative developers in the industry. Invaluable experience that will greatly increase your skills, capabilities, and value to employers. You can apply here or directly on our website. A position at Source Enterprises is a rich experience that cannot be duplicated in any other learning/ working environment. Not only will you learn skills that will last you a lifetime, but you will develop relationships and training that could set you up for a full time job at Source Enterprises or one of its subsidiaries. Learn at an accelerated rate. No wasted time or effort. Acquire the most in demand skills in the industry. Your opportunity to gain knowledge on how an internet company executes to get to the top of the search engines and capitalizes on under explored niches. Start Up experience is an asset for your future in every situation. Some of our former interns (on the software development side as well as graphic design and marketing dept.) have been recruited by Google, Disney, Amazon, Microsoft, Warner Brothers, Creative Artists Agency to name a few. Many of our team members have chosen to stay on with us because of the potential future gains. Real world experience is highly sought after by all industry leaders more than ever before. We are looking for ambitious talent or student to work with our experienced Chief Technology Officer, Chief Creative Officer, Creative Director and other experienced team members. We are especially interested in individuals with knowledge of Joomla CMS. Proficiency with HTML5 and CSS3 are a definite plus, as is a highly organized and detailed work ethic and a strong drive to succeed. We also have opportunities for promising talent in the areas of Web Design, Graphic Design, Internet Marketing and SEO. Get training from industry experts and work experience on commercial projects. Hands on training in various Web Development and UIX software: DreamweaverHTML5PHPCSS3JavascriptJoomla CMSDedicated Server AdministrationAdobe Creative Suite CS6 Work on high end dynamic websites and e commerce platforms Get provided the tools and skills to succeed in Internet Development and Design. There is a lot of scope for working from home and flexible hours to accommodate productive work flow. Part time at our office in Newport Beach, part time from home. Please send a resume and links to a portfolio or example sites; or attach pictures to an email. Full time positions availableFlexible at home positions availableCompensation dependent on experience and evaluation after 90 days Requirements: – Technology savvy – Excellent writing skills – Excellent phone skills – Very organized – Independent work ethic – Detail oriented – Strong drive to succeed – Entrepreneurial mindset – Outgoing and engaging – Proactive Responsibilities: – Work with and support other Designers, Programmers, Art and Creative Directors on high end websites. – Develop your skills and augment your training with directed research in your very specific tasks. – Use the online productivity platform Asana to organize and keep track of your completed tasks. – Get constant feedback and suggestions on how to improve your UI and code. – Break through barriers and confusion by working with the team before you are frustrated with tasks. – Be certain you are studying and practicing the most important daily skills you need to be an elite level developer. BentoBox empowers restaurants to own their presence, profits and relationships. The hospitality platform disrupts third party services that come between the restaurant and the guest. BentoBox puts the restaurant first and offers tools that drive high margin revenue directly through the restaurant's website. BentoBox is trusted and loved by over 5,000 restaurants worldwide including The Meatball Shop, Joseph Leonard, Union Square Hospitality Group, Major Food Group, Rose's Luxury, Eleven Madison Park & many more. Learn more at wwwgetbento.com We're looking for a mid level Software Engineer to help build the world's best digital operations platform for restaurants. Our current technology stack consists mostly of Django / Python and React, but we are always looking to use the tools that are most appropriate for the task at hand. Responsibilities Work with designers, product managers, and other engineers to implement new features on our platform Contribute clean, clear, high quality production code Help the product and design teamwork through the product specification, design, and feasibility process Contribute unit and integration tests for new and existing features Provide effective and constructive feedback on other engineer's contributions Research and recommend new technologies, help set best practices and coding standards Uphold BentoBox's core mission, vision, and values Skills and Attributes 2 5 years of experience writing production code Some experience with writing code within the context of a web based framework such as Django or Rails A strong understanding of Javascript fundamentals Some level of experience with React (with or without Redux) What We Offer Competitive salary + equity Full benefits (medical, dental, vision, 401(k), commuter benefits, life insurance) Flexible vacation plan Paid parental leave Professional development, growth, and support Perks when dining with BentoBox customers such as tip reimbursement Making a positive impact on the hospitality community Please share with us why you're interested in this position. Include a link to your Github account, or any other public code samples you'd like to share with us. Hiring Process Candidates for this position can expect the hiring process to follow the order below. Qualified applicants will be invited to schedule a 30 minute screening call with our Recruiting team. Next, they will have a 45 minute technical video screen. Candidates who pass the technical screen will meet with three additional members of the engineering team for a final round of video interviews. Successful candidates will be made an offer. BentoBox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. About the OpportunityRiskVal Financial Solutions is currently seeking a full time Java developer with strong fundamental skills in Object Oriented Programming & Development. We are a global supplier of Software as a Service (SaaS) for risk management, portfolio management, and trading strategiesTo apply, please only use the following link https://wwwriskval.com/java developerQualifications and Technical SkillsProficiency in JavaStrong fundamentals in OOP / OODExperience with multi threaded/concurrent programmingStrong understanding of data structures and design patternsBackground / Degree in computer science or engineeringWell versed in the following is a plus: Unix/Linux scripting, Shell, PythonMiddleware and messaging experience is a plusUnix / Linux Scripting, Shell is a plusSolid SDLC experience (build, test, deploy, etc.)Demonstrated ability to work in a small group setting to rapidly develop new productsPersonal QualitiesHighly responsible and self motivatedStrong analytical development skillsWorks well in a fast paced environment learning new thingsWilling and able to collaborate with other developersDisciplinedTo apply, please only use the following link https://wwwriskval.com/java developerRiskVal Financial Solution will not consider any inquiries from staffing and recruiting agencies. Please do not contact RiskVal regarding job listings. Job Type: Full timeBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insuranceRetirement planSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:One locationCompany's website:wwwriskval.comWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID 19 About Us: At nTopology, we are passionate about building next generation engineering solutions. We enable the most innovative engineering companies in the world to transform how they develop, test, and manufacture better products faster. Our software has been used to engineer mission critical satellites, deliver stronger and lighter medical implants for patients in need, and allow engineers to create complex, high performance products never before possible. And our technology enables companies to fully utilize advanced manufacturing methods like 3D Printing. If a fast paced, collaborative and high performing environment excites you, we'd love for you to join us. We are looking to add smart ambitious teammates who are passionate about problem solving and passionate about technology. nTopology is hiring for a Geometry Software Engineer. The role of the Geometry Software Engineer is to build high quality innovative software features for nTop Platform, our next generation design engineering system, in order to create and process complex generative design geometry consisting of a combination of prismatic shapes, organic shapes, and volumetric micro structures. The Geometry Software Engineer will analyze software requirements to identify geometry processing requirements, research and evaluate suitable mathematical solutions, translate mathematical solutions into well designed data structures and algorithms, and implement and maintain them with high quality code. This role reports to the Lead Geometry Engineer. Responsibilities Work with product and sales teams to translate customer needs into technical solutions Design and implement geometry processing algorithms to develop and maintain advanced modeling, analysis, and manufacturing software features Participate in full software development life cycle (SDLC) Integrate software components into a fully functional software system Comply with project plans Prepare clear documentation as needed to prepare reports, presentations, etc. Requirements Master’s degree or higher in computer science, mathematics, or related field with a focus on geometry processing Strong geometry/mathematics background demonstrated via publications, industry projects, or masters thesis or similar projects Proven experience in C and C++ Experience with a scripting language like JavaScript or Python and eagerness to learn other languages Experience with git or other modern version control systems A passion for robust development practices including test driven development, continuous integration and agile methodologies Excited to work in a fast paced, team oriented environment Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Preferred Qualifications Experience in developing computer aided design/manufacturing systems Experience with graphics programming using OpenGL, GLSL, or other graphics APIs Experience with general purpose GPU programming Experience using commercial or industry grade geometry processing libraries (eg., Parasolid, CGAL, OpenVDB) and software systems (eg., Solidworks, NX, CATIA, etc.) Knowledge of modern simulation and optimization applications such as topology optimization Knowledge of additive manufacturing is a plus Benefits Competitive salary Outstanding PTO and leave policy Stock options Healthcare with optional Dental and Vision plans 401k with matching STD & LTD Commuter benefits (when commuting resumes) Weekly (Remote) Team Lunches nTopology is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. nTopology is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. About Mighty: Mighty is on a mission to help millions of injured plaintiffs get a better deal from the civil justice system. Today, our ownership management platform helps personal injury law firms, medical providers and financial service businesses manage their personal injury liens in more than 150,000 cases worth over $1 Billion. We are growing our team with the support of a $9M Series A led by IA Ventures and Tribeca Venture Partners in March 2018. Mighty is looking for a self starting engineer who has passion for leveraging technology to solve social problems. The ideal candidate possesses outstanding intellectual horsepower and loves the autonomy of owning projects. You’re the kind of person who enjoys getting their hands dirty, isn’t afraid to ask questions, is eager to learn and wants to contribute technical solutions to big hairy problems. The role can be based out of the NYC office or fully remote, if that’s the preference of the hire. Responsibilities: Contribute to our code base and ensure our coding standards are maintained through quality code reviews Collaborate cross functionally with Product, and Growth teams Assist with ongoing software development initiatives and learn about our architecture, industry and use base Requirements: 3+ years of prior engineering experience Fluency in at least one of these languages: Python, Typescript, Javascript Experience with OOP and exposure to FP Experience building RESTful APIs Experience with relational databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc) Comfort getting around a Linux based cloud infrastructure Exposure to Docker Familiarity with a framework with Django, Rails, or a similar web framework Benefits: Competitive compensation Full Benefits health, vision, and dental, 401(k) with company contribution Unlimited paid time off take time when you need it Monthly lunch stipend Stipend for home office furniture and accessories Learning and Development opportunities And more! They are a leading global consumer product company based in the Southern Florida area that is seeking to build out their consumer technology team by adding a React Software Engineer. Salary/Hourly Rate: Dependent on experience Position Overview: This React Software Engineer will be partially responsible for building a React and Node stack to support an ordering platform spanning across the three major brands. The team will design and implement next generation systems in products and services for hundreds of millions of global users. Our client is offering very generous compensation packages that include high base salaries, bonuses, and even sign on bonuses. They are open to hiring both remote and will pay for relocation to Southern Florida for the right candidates. Responsibilities of the React Software Engineer: Design and implement innovative next generation systems for high performance products and services for hundreds of millions of global users Drive best practices and engineering excellence as part of a positive and cohesive team Provide detailed and constructive design and code reviews to teammates on their codeWrite multiple forms of testing, including in unit, integration, and end to end Qualifications for the React Software Engineer: Minimum of 3+ years of engineering experience working on real life, consumer facing products and services Experience with JavaScript frameworks, React and Node are preferred Experience using modern Javascript build and packaging systems Familiarity with serverless technology like AWS, Google Cloud Platform, and/or other cloud offerings Experience with both functional and object oriented programming patterns Education Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related fields Benefits: Eligible for Atrium Benefits The post React Software Engineer appeared first on Atrium. In this time of national reckoning, we at Food52 are having hard conversations about our role in a food media landscape that overlooks marginalized voices. We're committed to building a community that values and honors the contributions of the Black, Indigenous, and POC communities to our shared culinary experience—starting with the Food52 family. You can read about our support of the Black Lives Matter movement here. As part of an ongoing initiative, we are focusing our efforts to put diversity, equity, and inclusion at the center of our hiring process and our company culture—and build a team that better reflects our desire for equal representation in everything we do. Our goal is systemic change at Food52. We're looking for a full stack software engineer (Eng 1) who loves to write code in a collaborative team environment. Promising candidates have a foundation in front end and back end development, testing, and a knowledge of common architectural patterns. As much as they love to code, they are also contributors and active participants in making our platform better, easier to use, and more innovative every day. The ideal candidates have an eagerness to learn, a strong determination to contribute, and a drive to recognize problems and work with the team to resolve them. Our Product and Engineering teams consist of the product managers, designers, and engineers who build the systems that Food52 uses to produce amazing editorial content and a shopping experience that delights our users. Our team of software engineers works with our VP of Engineering as well as our Product team to design and develop systems that run Food52com. Our website is written in Ruby on Rails; on the client side we use React and are implementing Graph QL to integrate the two more seamlessly. Responsibilities Write code to implement new features for our custom content and commerce platform Refactor existing code to make it more maintainable, performant, and resilient Contribute to our ever expanding automated testing suite Help our team improve code quality through thoughtful collaboration, code reviews, and QA testing Effectively communicate status from development through launch to help ensure projects are delivered on time Collaborate with other team members to design, estimate, and plan the architecture of new features What a Typical Week Looks Like Attend sprint planning and estimation meetings with product and engineering to talk about upcoming projects, potential roadblocks, and ticket prioritization Work on assigned tickets to build out new features or fix existing bugs Code review pull requests and QA your teammates’ work to help ensure quality Help triage and fix issues that get reported through our internal helpdesk Attend our weekly Engineering all hands to learn about new projects, hear about interesting bugs, contribute to process changes, and hang with the team! Requirements Background in web technologies, including an understanding of how a modern web application works end to end Ability to learn new technologies, concepts, and solve problems with the help of more senior engineers Experience with JS, preferably including modern frameworks such as Vue and React. Experience with Ruby on Rails or a comparable backend framework. Experience implementing responsive design specifications Familiarity using a CSS preprocessor like SASS or LESS Familiarity with modern CSS techniques such as Flexbox, BEM, and grid Familiarity with SQL and relational databases as well as a range of AWS services Not required but a plus: e commerce experience and a love of food and cooking! Compensation Competitive salary Comprehensive health, dental, and vision benefit options (including some that are free for you!), flexible spending account, and any time access to professional mental health advice Annual bonus plan 401(k) retirement savings plan Free life and AD&D insurance Unlimited vacation days (including two company wide weeks off for Summer Week & Winter Week!) Discounted gym memberships and a free Citibike membership Pre tax commuter benefit plan Flexible hours and working arrangements So many snacks! We’re looking for entrepreneurial software engineers who are motivated by our mission to simplify healthcare. We’re building an API layer that powers the workflows of healthcare providers, care navigation platforms, health plans, and emerging digital health companies. You’ll be involved throughout the product lifecycle and collaborate closely with technical and non technical stakeholders to understand our customers’ use cases and challenges, and build products to solve them. What we look for at Ribbon: Passion and drive to simplify healthcare by building products that increase access to care and power every healthcare decision to be high quality, cost effective, and convenient Commitment to Ribbon Health company values, working on an exceptional team, and building an exceptional company Grit, hustle, desire, and a “get it done” attitude; strong comfort with a lean startup environment, where everyone is encouraged to participate in and contribute across all teams Dedication to the creation of a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment where teammates are celebrated for their unique perspectives and work together to simplify healthcare for all What we’re looking for in this role: You have experience working with data at scale (eg., EMR, Hadoop, Spark, HBase, Presto, pushed the limits of Postgres) and are familiar with SQL You have experience developing and deploying applications to a production environment You have some experience designing, building, and/or managing scalable systems in the cloud (eg., AWS, Google Cloud, Azure) You care about building enterprise grade systems because you understand how our products meaningfully impact patients downstream You have a track record of learning new technologies and languages on the job Although you’ll initially work mostly in Python, you’ll help us continue to evaluate new technologies and find the best tools for the job at hand Your day to day: Build production grade API platform: You will design, build, and maintain Ribbon’s core APIs and services, making sure our platform is enterprise grade across end user functionality, security, and scalability Build and launch new products: You will work with the product team to design, build, and launch new products and product features. This includes new APIs to extend the reach of our core technology Build data infrastructure and work closely with data pipelines: You will develop infrastructure to support our ETL, analytics, and modeling workflows. Data engineering is a core part of what we do, so you have to love working closely with data! Build internal tools: You will help our internal teams 10x their efforts by developing tools to streamline their workflows (eg. sales, deployment, recruiting, and product) Evaluate third party and open source software: You will make decisions about what we build versus buy and where to buy Work with cutting edge technology. Data Science is in the DNA of Aspen Capital and we hope it is in yours as well. Join us as we rewrite the rules of residential and commercial mortgages and real estate. We are a private equity firm based in Portland, OR and New York, NY. We utilize data and technology to enhance business insight, propel growth, transform our investment strategies and business operations, and execute industry leading deals. The unique Aspen Capital worldview is reflected in a nimble, efficient organizational structure that allows the company to capitalize on market demands, seize business opportunities and excel in a wide range of roles including investment, lending and servicing, acquisitions, management, joint ventures, asset management, recapitalization and advisory services. Aspen Capital is seeking a Full stack Software Engineer. As a Software Engineer, you will work with a talented team of engineers to improve Aspen's enterprise business software and analytics frameworks. You'll help to build secure, scalable, and fast tools to make processing data, generating analytics, and reporting within our teams seamless and easy. We are in a phase of rapid growth driven by increasing demand for our services. To meet this demand, we are looking to hire exceptional developers to work alongside our existing team. Together driving our platform and services forward. Day to day you willContribute to the definition, architecture, and design of software components, solution designs, tools, and testsEnsure high availability and reliability of business applicationsDebug production issuesSet and maintain high quality standards for the team’s workCommunicate risks and plans to mitigate themContribute to a culture of team accomplishment and collaborationUnderstand deeply how business drivers impact our priorities and planning What you bring to AspenBS in Computer Science or degree in related engineering field2+ years deploying web applications in AWS or a major cloud providerExperience with Databases such as Redshift, Postgres, SQL Server in Azure/AWSExperience with Java 18, Go, Or Vuejs/React, NodejsHave a strong command of distributed systems and modern data processing architecturesAbility to take a project from requirements gathering through launchStrong data modeling and SQL skillsKnowledge of professional software engineering practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operationsExperience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designsHave proven and recent experience leading projects We offer competitive salary and a great benefits package including medical, dental, and vision insurance, covering 100% of the employee premiums and 50% for dependents. We provide life insurance, short & long term disability insurance, 15 days of PTO, 8 paid holidays and a 401(k) plan with company match up to 4%. We have a dog friendly work environment, and casual dress. We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by lawWe maintain a drug free workplace and perform pre employment substance abuse testing. Company Description Square builds common business tools in unconventional ways so more people can start, run, and grow their businesses. When Square started, it was difficult and expensive (or just plain impossible) for some businesses to take credit cards. Square made credit card payments possible for all by turning a mobile phone into a credit card reader. Since then Square has been building an entire business toolkit of both hardware and software products including Square Capital, Square Terminal, Square Payroll, and more. We’re working to find new and better ways to help businesses succeed on their own terms—and we’re looking for people like you to help shape tomorrow at Square. Job Description Square has grown into a platform of product services that help merchants run their business. From the inside, these product services are segmented into business units with their own product and engineering teams. Underneath, there's a platform organization that supports this plethora of products. Our team, Square Console, is part of this larger platform organization. We work with platform teams to help expose functionality of their services via internally accessible browser based tooling. We build tools for quick and easy deployment, service provisioning, secret management, database monitoring, user administration and so on. We use the latest and greatest technology stack: Reactjs, TypeScript, Webpack, Jest and styled components. Our goal is to write well tested, maintainable and readable code that could be understood by engineers with no front end experience with little effort. If this sounds interesting, here are some of the tasks that you would work on as part of our team: Develop, and deploy incremental improvements to our front end platform. Write reusable components and libraries. Write and review engineering design documents and guide product design. Work with many teams at Square. Write clean, concise and well tested code. Work autonomously with no micromanagement or oversight. Qualifications You have: 2+ years of industry related experience Knowledge and understanding of the front end development process (JavaScript, DOM, CSS). Troubleshooting skills through the entire stack, front end to back end. Experience with Reactjs stack. Good eye for UI and UX. Technologies we use: TypeScript, Reactjs, Webpack, Antd, React Router, ESLint, Prettier, Jest, GraphQL, Styled Components, React Testing Library and many more. Additional Information At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)squareupcom. We will treat your request as confidentially as possible. In your email, please include your name and preferred method of contact, and we will respond as soon as possible. Perks At Square, we want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes: Healthcare coverage Retirement Plans Employee Stock Purchase Program Wellness perks Paid parental leave Paid time off Learning and Development resources Axoni develops novel blockchain solutions while focusing on the capital markets industry. In various production implementations, we have demonstrated that our blockchain software can serve multiple asset classes and use cases at the world’s most advanced financial institutions. Join us in our mission to further strengthen and scale our system and develop new blockchain solutions. Responsibilities Building and deploying the core technology underpinning blockchain networks, including developing the company’s core software Developing API servers Building database integrations Measuring and improving network performance Developing scalable high throughput systems Developing low level or backend software. Requirements Master’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field plus 2 years of experience in the job offered, or software engineering or a related field Prior experience must include 2 years of experience in writing large scale, high quality, high reliability, well tested code using either Go, C++, Java, or a comparable compiler programming language 2 years of experience working with SQL or NoSQL databases 2 years of experience with a scripting language such as JavaScript (Nodejs), Python or Bash 2 years of experience working in Unix/Linux environments and with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins. Professional non internship experience with front end, web or mobile software development using JavaScript, HTML and CSSExperience with object oriented designBachelor's degree in Computer Science, computer engineering, or related technical discipline (or the equivalent).Follows best coding practices, including peer code reviews, unit and integration testsFamiliarity with agile development methodologies. Brand Advertising is a new space for Amazon and one that is ripe for disruption. The Brand Advertising team helps Merchants, Retail Vendors, and Brand owners acquire new customers that may not be aware of their products or services. While our other Ads teams’ products focus on leverage existing market demand for products on Amazon, our team is filling a major gap for Advertisers who are either tapped out of customers who are aware of their product, or have a product that doesn’t really have adequate traffic on Amazon. We are building a turn key solution this year that will enable Advertisers to figure out what product to build, whether their product concept will resonate with customers and help launch the right product — all on Amazon. It also requires building many new systems (front end, back end and analytics) from scratch that will scale to millions of Advertisers and enable discovery of new products to millions of Amazon’s retail customers. This is a unique opportunity to work with some of the best Engineers at Amazon (and probably in the world) and one of the best teams at Amazon (rated very highly in a company wide yearly assessment), lead a new initiative from scratch that is going to become a huge area of growth for Amazon's Advertising business and pioneer the usage of new technology at Amazon scale. Join today and you will transform how customers discover and shop at Amazon! sspajobs Intense customer focus (we really can’t stress this enough)Demonstrated passion for a high user experience barExperience with A/B testingExperience with React or other modern javascript frameworksKnowledge of professional software engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, and code instrumentationSharp analytical abilities, design skills, excellent communication skillsStrong sense of ownership, urgency, and drivePassion for building new products in a fast paced, team oriented environmentEntrepreneurial spirit: not afraid to invent and try new things, take calculated risksAmazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. We welcome applications from all members of society irrespective of age, sex, disability, sexual orientation, race, religion or belief. Position Description RubiconMD, an innovative healthcare startup bringing better care at lower costs to providers and their patients across the country, is seeking a front end engineer to join our excellent full stack team. If you're passionate about having a positive impact by revolutionizing the healthcare system and democratizing access to care, we'd love to learn more about you! Our engineering team is located across the US, but primarily based in New York City and Spain. Key responsibilities include: Build new features for our core application Work with our product team when specifying requirements for new features Work with our design team to build an easy to use platform Build new tooling for our team to sustain our current growth Build new integrations with external healthcare providers Strategize with your coworkers about the best ways to implement requirements Identify weaknesses in our existing codebase, write tests, and improve the code Define, measure, and act upon indicators in regards to performance, response times, and numbers of exceptions Confer together with a product and project manager with our clients via phone or video conference to identify and solve technical shortcomings What success looks like: You provide a stable, well tested, easy to maintain software that allows RubiconMD to deliver on one of its top organizational priorities: providing a reliable, secure, and always available eConsult platform to our providers and the patients they care for. Success will also mean: Our clients receive a dependable, performant product and can utilize RubiconMD to provide care to their patients. Our code base will be easy to maintain, and it will be enjoyable to extend our feature set. The team will meet its goals in terms of features, test coverage, and performance requirements. The design decisions you make with your coworkers will allow for quick growth and enhancements will be easy to define and execute. You grow in your role and expand your knowledge and experience. Desired Skills and Experience: High level knowledge of JavaScript Strong hands on professional experience with JavaScript frameworks (preferably Angular 2+) You write specs or tests You are proficient in the basics, like HTML and CSS You have knowledge of a code versioning tool, ideally, git Experience with TypeScript or other strongly typed languages is a plus Experience with GraphQL is a plus Experience with Protractor, Selenium, or another e2e testing framework is a plus Experience with Ruby on Rails and AWS are a plus Comfort working remotely with development teams and a self motivated mindset to produce great value to the organization You enjoy working out technical challenges with your coworkers, some of which work in different time zones Our Hiring Philosophy RubiconMD's founding mission is to democratize medical expertise, so that all patient populations have access to the care they need. In order to deliver on this, we focus on empowering primary care providers, who we believe are the key to a thriving, equitable health care system. It's no small order, but we can achieve it with the right team. That's why we hire people with drive and leadership, who are also highly accountable—to each other, to the providers we serve, and to the impact we exist to make. RubiconMD is an equal opportunity employer and prohibits discrimination against persons of any kind on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, nation of origin, age, disability, and genetics. Locations: NY New York, United States of America, New York, New York Software Engineer Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies to join our team. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Learn more about #lifeatcapitalone and our commitment to diversity & inclusion by jumping to slides 76 91 on our Corporate Social Responsibility Report. What You’ll Do: Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full stack development tools and technologies Work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment Work with cloud native stack, build on AWS, use technologies like Kubernetes and Serverless Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree At least 2 years of experience in software engineering Preferred Qualifications: Master's Degree 2+ years of experience in Agile practices 1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure, or another public cloud service 4+ years of experience in at least one of the following: Java, Scala, Python, Go, Javascript/TypeScript, Angular/Reactjs, or Nodejs 2+ years of experience working with big data technologies (eg. Hadoop, Spark, Presto) 2+ years of experience working on streaming data applications (eg. Kafka, Kinesis, Flink, or Spark Streaming) 4+ years of experience in open source frameworks At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position. Do you enjoy working with cutting edge technology? Are you interested in financial services but want something that looks and feels more like a tech company? That’s awesome. We’ve been looking for you. Liquidnet’s Global Technology teams develop, support and deliver disruptive trading solutions to internal trading desks and external customers. We are seeking software development interns with sick coding skills who are interested in learning about our business, inside and out, seeing their work go into production, and program mentorship, working alongside their direct managers and teammates. Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree program with a concentration in computer science or a similar field. Proficiency and interest in learning programming languages like Java, Javascript, HTML, CSS, etc. Knowledge of financial services is a plus but not required. The New York Times is looking to hire a Software Engineer to help build our next generation of internal tools and services to support our production and publishing operations. We are rebuilding our manufacturing and publishing workflow systems in the latest cloud technologies, with a focus on microservices and serverless technology. You’ll work on projects that support our publishing workflow and plant manufacturing systems. You will work with the coolest stuff in the cloud, building applications in serverless technology from workflow back end engines and data mining, to websites and mobile apps. We are entirely cloud focused; our group is completely invested in AWS Lambda functions and other serverless AWS Managed Services. You’ll participate in discovery, analysis, requirements gathering, design, and implementation. You will help in transforming our systems and deployment methodologies to be aligned with the current best practices models. Your teammates will be other Systems Analysts, Software Engineers, DevOps Engineers and Project Managers, all working in an agile environment. You will work with internal customers company wide as you build applications and systems that produce the world’s greatest journalism. About You 5+ years of software engineering experience with an emphasis on front end development. Experience with the following environments: React/Redux Nodejs/JavaScript SQL/NoSQL Go/Python (not required, but a plus) Experience building applications on a major cloud provider (AWS or GCP) Experience building and integrating APIs Experience automating application deployments A plus will be experience in building microservices and working with AWS Lambda and other AWS serverless toolsets Work with AWS RDS databases and DynamoDB Ability to dissect, understand, and rebuild complex systems. #LI AM1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. Be a part of a dynamic and diverse team that engineers the large scale, complex and resilient technology solutions that drive our global business. This program will allow you to help build and optimize digital applications and systems that support millions of customers, clients and employees worldwide. When you work at JPMorgan Chase, you're not just working at a global financial institution. You're an integral part of one of the world's biggest tech companies. Across our global technology centers, our team of more than 50,000 technologists design, build, deploy and run everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning and cloud development. As a firm, we're partnering with FinTech and Silicon Valley tech firms to deliver cutting edge solutions to our clients and customers. Our $11 billion annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. What to expect Launching your career in our Software Engineer Program means you will: Start with an in depth induction program that teaches you about our businesses, builds on your knowledge of development methodologies, and sharpens your professional skills. Dive head first into creating innovative solutions that make a difference for our customers, clients and employees. Create and improve the design, analytics, coding and testing for high quality software and new products. Own projects end to end, keeping teams and stakeholders up to speed on the progress of what's being developed. Work and share ideas, information and innovation with our team of technologists from all over the world. Develop through on going training, mentorship and access to senior leaders. Participate in our Force for Good program to build real world sustainable technology solutions for social good organizations. Join an inspiring and curious team of technologists who will support you in developing new skills, experiencing new projects and businesses, and taking your career where you want to go. Locations you may join in the United States: Chicago, IL Columbus, OH Houston, TX Wilmington, DE New York, NY Plano, TX San Francisco, CA Seattle, WA Tampa, FL You will be given the opportunity to select up to three location preferences on your application. Potential placement could include any of our offices within the city's metropolitan area. About you If you're ready to put your passion for technology to work in a way that makes a real difference, you'll find your place in our Software Engineer Program. Key skills include: Computer Science and/or Engineering majors are preferred while other majors may be considered Pursuing a BA., BS. or 5th year MA. or MS. with expected graduation of December 2020 or June 2021 or participating in a JPMorgan Chase sponsored training program A well rounded academic background with a preferred minimum GPA of 32 (or prior participation in a JPMorgan Chase sponsored training program) Foundational knowledge of programming languages (eg., Python, Javascript, Java, C++, C#), databases, data structures and algorithms Strong interpersonal and communication skills Ability to thrive in a fast paced, collaborative environment Exceptional problem solving ability Relevant internship experience and leadership in school or community organization This role is not eligible for employer immigration sponsorship. If you will require employer immigration sponsorship after completing your degree, you do not meet the basic requirements of this full time role. Join us At JPMorgan Chase, we're creating positive change for the diverse communities we serve. We do this by championing your innovative ideas through a supportive culture that helps you every step of the way as you build your career. We value the unique skills of every employee, and we're building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you're looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. What's Next? Help us learn about you by submitting a complete and thoughtful application, which includes your resume. Your application and resume is a way for us to initially get to know you, so it's important to complete all relevant application questions so we have as much information about you as possible. To get started, enter your email address. Your email address will be used to create and maintain your profile. If you are a current JPMC employee, use your JPMC email address to apply for jobs internally. Do not use an email address with ".edu" extension as doing so could result in delays receiving updates regarding your candidacy. After you confirm your application, we will review it to determine whether you meet certain required qualifications. If you are advanced to the next step of the process, you'll receive an email invitation to complete a series of 12 games through the pymetrics platform. Pymetrics will allow you to showcase your potential beyond what you tell us in your resume and application form. It's an additional data point that helps us gain a better understanding of who you are as an individual. It should take no longer than 25 35 minutes to complete. If you have already completed the pymetrics games, you will have the opportunity to submit your gameplay results for this specific application without having to replay the games. Following completion of pymetrics, you'll receive another email invitation to complete a coding challenge and video interview, powered by HireVue. This is your opportunity to further bring your resume to life and showcase your experience for our recruiting team and hiring managers. After completing your coding challenge and video interview, you will be invited to complete a short survey where you will have the opportunity to specify which location you are most interested in. pymetrics, HireVue and a completed survey are required, and your application will not be considered for further review until you have completed them. We strongly encourage that you apply and complete these required elements as soon as possible, since programs will close as positions are filled. JPMorgan Chase is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that respects all people for their unique skills, backgrounds and professional experiences. We strive to hire qualified, diverse candidates, and we will provide reasonable accommodations for known disabilities. Visit jpmorganchasecom/careers for upcoming events, career advice, our locations and moreJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans At Vimeo, we love designing and engineering tools that combine power with ease of use. Our engineers work on professional grade video tools for creators and have the opportunity to do way more than write code. We're a small team that cares about collaboration, encourages curiosity, celebrates technical excellence, and is driven by careful attention to detail and planning for the future. We believe diversity of perspective and experience are key to building great technology and believe that the best way to iterate towards success is by taking care of ourselves, our families, our users, and one another. What you'll do: Build and improve upon our already first in class tools for video creators that combine high quality user experience with performance and scalability Work closely with our Design and Product teams to move projects from conception to launch, then iterate, build, and test new features Write clean, well tested, and performant front end code, using JavaScript, Typescript, React and styled components Grow technically and professionally in a collaborative and inclusive environment with opportunities to learn and share with others Required qualifications: Proficient in programming fundamentals including performance and design patterns An understanding of JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, and the DOM An eye for product design and interactivity Experience working on a user facing project Ability to work on tasks of various sizes while keeping larger objectives in mind Are able to communicate and collaborate respectfully and effectively with both technical and non technical teams Pay great attention to detail and customer focus on every project no matter the size Desired qualifications: Experience with the React framework Experience working with Restful APIs About us: Vimeo is the world's leading professional video platform and community. We empower over 200 million users — from creatives to entrepreneurs to the world's largest brands — to grow their business with video. Our products make it easy to create high quality, impactful videos and to reach teams, audiences and customers anywhere. Vimeo is powered by a growing team of over 650 passionate, dedicated humans. We're headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. We believe our impact is greatest when our workforce represents the diverse and global community that we serve, and we're proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity and inclusion is prioritized in how we build our products, leaders and culture. Learn more at wwwvimeo.com/jobs. Software Engineering & Technology University Program (SE.TU.P) The Software Engineering & Technology University Program (SE.TU.P) is a pipeline to recruit, develop, and retain high potential entry level technology professionals who are prepared and positioned to contribute to the successful execution of BNY Mellon’s technology strategy and initiatives. The 2021 SE.TU.P program will begin in Winter 2021 and Summer 2021. Program At A Glance: Assignments across various job functions within Technology* that combine learning with skill development through practical work and projects; Extensive training curriculum and ongoing learning assignments that will help develop technical, professional, interpersonal and leadership skills; and Career development and networking support from a host of corporate leaders including executive mentors, peer mentors, business stakeholders and a dedicated program manager. Upon successful completion of the program and based on overall business need, SE.TU.P participants will be matched to a full time role, taking into account factors such as business requirements, analyst preferences, and overall performance throughout the program. Program Locations: US: Pittsburgh, PA *New York, NY *Jersey City, NJ *Nashville, TN Program Highlights: Small, selective program size that allows for more personal attention and support; Participants can further develop technical skills/expertise, enhance leadership abilities, build networks across the organization and accelerate their careers; Robust onboarding and training curriculum designed specifically for SE.TU.P participants; Visibility and exposure to senior leaders in small cohorts and/or one to one meetings; Full commitment from top level management to make our program the premier technology talent pipeline program within the financial services industry Infrastructure Engineer Primary Responsibilities: Participate on a team responsible for contributing to the technology infrastructure transformation of Critical Infrastructure and Platform Security, Automation and self service solutioning of Application/Middleware, architecture of our internal cloud platform (App Engine), standardization of distributed Databases, Network/Voice Design and Configuration, strategic deployment of the End User Experience, Data Center Hardware Operations and the foundational Mainframe Support for our core business systems. Engage with technology leaders, contribute to and coordinate efforts related to technology transformation projects and develop solutions to moderately complex problems in one of the aforementioned infrastructure service areas. Develop creative solutions through analysis of methods, theories, and research techniques in the investigation of complex infrastructure problems. Contribute to automation solutions for existing infrastructures to help increase efficiency in operations. Identify infrastructure improvements during the development and testing processes. Prioritize and recommend continuous improvements for implementation. Collaborate with multiple teams in the organization as well as external customers. Qualifications Program Eligibility/Qualifications: Bachelor's degree required. Candidate is typically a recent college hire with a bachelor's degree in computer science engineering or a related discipline. 0 3 years of experience in software development preferred. Previous technology internship is a plus BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans. Our ambition is to build the best global team – one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve – and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums. Primary Location: United States New York New York Internal Jobcode: 96004 Job: Information Technology Organization: Office of CIO HR18027 Requisition Number: 2007815 We believe that the way consumers and businesses interact with their finances will drastically improve in the next few years. Our goal is to build the tools and infrastructure for developers to create this next generation of financial services applications. Today, thousands of companies such as Acorns, Stripe, and Venmo rely on Plaid to integrate with banks and the financial system. Plaid’s infrastructure handles millions of requests per day and thousands of bank integrations. We pride ourselves on maintaining a robust API to support the developers who depend on us and the millions of consumers who use their apps. Integrations is the most mission critical component of our infrastructure as it connects millions of bank accounts and billions of transactions to Plaid. As a member of the Plaid Exchange team you will be driving forward a new vision for maintaining and growing those integrations in a way that benefits consumers as well as our financial institution partners. We are a full stack team and we work in a combination of greenfield projects and existing decoupled services. We primarily work in Go and Typescript, however language is not a prerequisite. We are looking for someone to help accelerate our team in achieving its objectives, help to define the technical strategy for the team, and identify opportunities for us to achieve long term success. We're guided by our principles, including impact, growing together, embracing openness and positivity, inventing tomorrow; we’re looking for leaders who are motivated by those same principles. What Excites You Working directly with the customer on projects A customer centric, impact focused approach to delivering software High collaboration teams Mentoring other engineers What excites us A strong sense of ownership A clear framework for mentoring other engineers Motivation to “make it better” Someone who actively considers the fine balance between shipping speed and perfection Impact driven. You understand that building the right tools and systems can impact millions of users. Adaptability. Most of our engineers work across the entire stack, touching everything from the front end, mobile, and our core infrastructure. Background in computer science, engineering, or another related field and a strong track record of building interesting projects We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Redesign Health is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer – we recruit, train, compensate and promote our team members based on qualifications. We know how important it is not only to include, but to actively seek out a diversity of opinions and voices. We want to hear from you regardless of your race, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, veteran status, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics. About Anomaly Anomaly is a healthcare technology company with a bold mission: to bring precision payments to healthcare. Healthcare billing is complex, prone to errors, waste, abuse, and fraud—at a cost of over $300 billion annually. Precision payments means the right amount is paid the first time, so the focus is on members, not on payment paperwork. Cutting edge AI/ML technology immediately catches anomalous claims, enabling payments to flow with precision. Anomaly's team of technical, clinical, and operational experts is working with innovative payers and employers to implement this vision. Our team includes the former CEO of UnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual, head of engineering of Foursquare and Redesign Health, and formers from Optum, Apple, Google and other leading tech and healthcare companies. Anomaly, currently in stealth mode, was incubated by Redesign Health. About the Role As our Software Engineer, you'll be responsible for building core systems to accurately identify healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse. You'll be expected to work up and down the stack to build out the heart of Anomaly's initial product. We're looking for a dynamic senior software engineer who can build offline data pipelines, work alongside data scientists to productionize ML model training, deploy models, and build feedback mechanisms to hone the machine. You will report the CTO and work alongside other founders to shape the stack and build the foundational infrastructure at our New York City headquarters. What you'll do: Build core systems to identify healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse to drive down costs and improve the overall quality of care of patient Help set early technical direction of company as we build novel projects Based in New York City, with relocation stipend available. Remote pending COVID 19 What you'll need: Background 5 10 years of relevant work experience General expertise in Python3 Ability to design and build systems with complex workflows and interactions Passionate about the craft of software engineering, and pragmatic when it comes to solving real business problems Excellent communication skills and desire to engage with non technical stakeholders Desire to work in a fast paced and demanding environment Nice To Have Data exploration expertise with SQL and Pandas Familiarity with Apache Spark Familiarity AWS Prior experience working with data scientists on analytics and ML pipelines Skills Communicates Effectively: Attentively listens to others. Adjusts to fit the audience and the message. Provides timely and helpful information to others across the organization. Developing and delivering multi mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences. Nimble Learning: Learns quickly when facing new situations. Experiments to find new solutions. Takes on the challenge of unfamiliar tasks. Extracts lessons learned from failures and mistakes. Learning through experimentation when tackling new problems, using both successes and failures as learning fodder. Managed Complexity: Asks the right questions to accurately analyze situations. Acquires data from multiple and diverse sources when solving problems. Uncovers root causes to difficult problems. Evaluates pros and cons, risks and benefits of different solution options. What Redesign is all about Redesign's mission is to transform the healthcare system and empower people to live their healthiest lives by elevating patient experiences, increasing information transparency, and democratizing access to high quality healthcare. Our vision is to connect extraordinary people and ideas with capital and resources to create better healthcare solutions. At Redesign, we value achieving results thoughtfully, quickly, and compassionately. To give a sense of what our team is all about, these are the values that guide our work: Solve for impact: Healthcare is complex and opaque, but we're positioned to meet the challenge. If not us, then who? Patients first: We are all consumers of healthcare. We create real solutions for real needs. Outcome over egos: Our work is bigger than us. What we're building together is greater than the sum of the parts. Bias for action: We move fast, but we're deliberate. We don't delay success or failure. Continuous learning: We seek feedback early and often. Iteration and insight allow us to connect the dots and are key to our process. Practice good intent: We take our work seriously, but we're never too busy to be kind. Why work with us? Competitive salary and equity compensation Comprehensive health & wellness benefits and perks Lunch & Learn sessions hosted by internal and external industry experts featuring topics ranging from "Qualities of a Strong Consumer Brand" to "Combating Unconscious Bias" Variety of functional, social, and community focused groups and meetups across the Redesign ecosystem and portfolio Annual learning stipend 16 week parental leave Fully stocked kitchen with plenty of coffee and tea, cold brew and iced tea on tap, a Bevi machine, and a variety of snacks Dog friendly office Company Overview: At Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 28th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by US. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2018, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2018. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. Join us and make a difference every day. Job Description: Bioinformatics Software Engineer – Genomics (ML/Stats focus) We are seeking a creative developer with a strong statistics and machine learning background to join Sloan Kettering Institute’s Single Cell Research Initiative (SCRI). The team’s goal is to develop cutting edge algorithms to interpret the flood of data emerging from single cell technologies in order to explore questions in tumor heterogeneity, metastasis and the tumor immune environment. If you would rather apply your superb programming and analytical skills towards a cancer cure than to finance and shopping carts, our dynamic multi disciplinary team is the place for you. SCRI is directed by computational biologist Dr. Dana Pe’er, a pioneer with a strong track record of developing new conceptual approaches and widely used tools in the single cell analysis field. We collect big biological data, primarily from multi dimensional single cell technologies such as single cell RNA sequencing and high parameter imaging. You will develop and implement algorithms that process, integrate and visualize the multiple data types, allowing data scientists, biologists and clinicians to interact with and interpret the data. A key focus is the single cell profiling of patient samples, with the goal of improving immunotherapy and precision medicine. Join us if you can think innovatively and want to make an impact! As a Bioinformatics Software Engineer, you will: Design and develop algorithms and software to process, normalize, organize, visualize and interpret data from multiple modalities, including from single cell and imaging technologies Design and implement novel machine learning algorithms to integrate genomics data collected from clinical cohorts Implement new features, maintain and test existing SCRI code infrastructure Evaluate and compare best practices for processing and analyzing different data types Provide consultation, guidance and training to research scientists using SCRI tools Requirements: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with strong machine learning or stats components, and 3+ years of programming experience, or PhD in math, physics or computer science; OR equivalent experience Bioinformatics/Genomics experience and familiarity with common concepts, terminologies and software currently used in the field Experience designing large software tools and writing efficient code Proficiency in the testing process; ability to debug and modify code and use Git workflows Analytical, reasoning, mathematical and problem solving skills to develop algorithms Advanced knowledge of algorithms and statistics Proficiency in Python (including building distributable Python modules) Proficiency working in cloud and HPC environments #LI CC16 Closing: MSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: ENGINEERING At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets. Engineering is at the critical center of our businesses. Our dynamic environment requires strategic thinking that is innovative and produces smart solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL You Will: Use your analytical ability and decision making skills to arrive at creative and client oriented solutions Work with key stakeholders, UX designers, clients, and other development teams delivering digital products to our institutional clients Drive the architectural design and technical execution of the engineering needs of the equities businesses Take responsibility for project delivery as well as wider ownership in our functional area Design and build frameworks including automated testing through collaboration with global cross functional teams You Are: A strong UI developer enjoys working in a client driven and agile environment passionate in implementing responsive user interfaces Self motivated and able to work in small, fast paced, high impact team(s) developing low latency, scalable and resilient solutions Comfortable multi tasking, managing multiple stakeholders and working as part of a global team Apply an entrepreneurial approach and passion to problem solving and product development SKILLS & EXPERIENCE WE ARE LOOKING FOR Basic Qualifications 1+ year of responsive web development, with professional React/Redux/JSX experience and advanced JavaScript proficiency Desire to build strong and efficient SDLC practices Systematic problem solving approach, coupled with a hands on experience of debugging and optimizing code, as well as automation Strong interpersonal skills and drive. Excellent communication skills required, able to contribute to discussions on design and strategy Preferred Qualifications Building RESTful web services with Spring Boot, Spring MVC and Spring Data RDBMS and MongoDB or other NoSQL databases Financial market knowledge a plus (but not required) ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Location New York City At Constellation Agency, we are building technical products and services that turn complex, multi layered, time consuming tasks into turn key, intelligent, automated systems. We iterate quickly and are continuously evolving to deliver innovation to our clients, both internal and external, in new and interesting ways. Our company is growing at a lightning fast pace and we are looking for developers that want to work in a passionate team environment, are eager to learn, and enjoy solving challenging problems. Technology C#, .NET, ASPNET, MVC, IIS Javascript, CSS, AngularJS SQL Server, MySQL Responsabilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. Work closely with the product and product manager to define specifications. Collaborate with other developers to design and optimize code. Requirements 1 3 years previous experience in software development with the above technologies. Comfortable working with frontend and backend web technologies. Good understanding of API’s and core web services. Deadline and detail oriented. Strong analytical and critical thinking skills. About Constellation We are a marketing technology firm based in NYC with a suite of managed service and patent pending SaaS offerings for the automotive sector. Our rapidly growing team works with all of the major auto manufacturers, and has certified vendor status with Audi, Volkswagen of America and Jaguar Land Rover. Company Description When you join Renaissance®, you join a global leader in pre K–12 education technology. Renaissance’s solutions help educators analyze, customize, and plan personalized learning paths for students, allowing time for what matters—creating energizing learning experiences in the classroom. Our fiercely passionate employees and educational partners have helped drive phenomenal student growth, with Renaissance solutions being used in over one third of US schools and in more than 100 countries worldwide. Every day, we are connected to our mission by exemplifying our values: trust each other, win together, strive for the best, own our actions, and grow and evolve. Job Description Picture it. You are a key member of a creative, enthusiastic, dynamic group of developers building the most widely used products in the education market that truly make a difference in the lives of millions of students and educators around the world. As a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) working in a Scrum Environment, you will test software applications and features using test suites and scripts, perform anomaly reporting, software analysis, develop automated software test packages using various technologies, perform functional and performance testing, apply black box and white box testing techniques and conduct software development data validation functional and performance testing. This position is based out of our trendy Union Square, Manhattan location. In this role, you will: Execute tests to ensure compliance with requirements/acceptance criteria and identifies defects. Communicate test results with appropriate staff and teams. Document test results to support the efficient resolution of defects and to capture defect data. Execute and validate the test setup to ensure the QA environment is ready for testing. Identify and provide initial problem analysis to develop and implement appropriate action. Conduct compatibility tests with other software programs, hardware, operating systems and network environments. Assist in modifying and designing test strategy, test scenarios and test cases to ensure test coverage and acceptance criteria for assigned responsibility. Collaborate with development team to gather data for test coverage. Re create identified defects in the resolution process. Collaborate with development team to ensure defects are fixed in a timely manner and to update the defect tracking system as appropriate. Assist in maintaining standard test methods and procedures. Recommend modifications to standard testing processes to improve quality and effectiveness. Use defect tracking system for products in testing. Conform with all safety rules and use safety equipment as appropriate to the role. Qualifications For this role, you must have: BS in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems and Minimum of 2 Years of QA testing experience, or Equivalent combination of education and experience. Strong programming skills, preferably C# (.NET Framework / .NET Core). Experience with automated testing frameworks, for example: Selenium, NUnit, JMeter, etc. Experience with version control systems, preferably Git. Bonus points for: Knowledge of large scale web/cloud based applications. Experience working in an Agile development team. Ability to imagine one’s self as an unskilled user of Renaissance’s software products. Additional Information Benefits: Medical, dental, vision including Health Savings Accounts 401(K) Tuition & Professional Development Reimbursement Parental Leave – 20 weeks total, 14 weeks paid Vacation Time Off 12 Holidays and 2 Volunteer Days Commuter benefits Wellness Incentives At Renaissance our mission is: “To accelerate learning for all children and adults of all ability levels and ethnic and social backgrounds, worldwide.” Many of us choose to work at Renaissance because we are driven by this mission. Inherent in a mission that strives to serve “all children and adults” who represent “all ability levels...and backgrounds,” is the need to recognize the importance of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) in our culture, in our work, and in our products. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines For information about Renaissance, visit: https://wwwrenaissance.com/ #LI HO1 The Challenge: When our country’s Cybersecurity is on the line, simply reacting is not enough – we need a plan. And when that plan needs to protect our clients, we need a collaborative team to assess software vulnerabilities for authorizing officials to determine if the risk is acceptable for use in the DoD arena. That’s why we need you, a Cybersecurity Engineer, with the skills to develop and implement security solutions in alignment with the strategies that determine our Cyber resilience. As a Cybersecurity Engineer on our team, you’ll leverage knowledge of the software life cycle and programming to ensure security is built into software applications. You'll apply basic principles, theories, and concepts with limited industry knowledge to solve routine problems of limited scope and complexity. As you guide your client through understanding acceptable risk and availability, you’ll help develop a strategic Cyber roadmap and use various skills to create solutions. You’ll work closely with developers and information assurance engineers to ensure adequate verification, and validation. Join us as we protect our clients by examining their software applications from an adversarial perspective to minimize risks with effective solutions. Empower change with us. You Have:Experience with software development using languages, including Java, JavaScript, C, C++, or Python in academic or internship environmentsExperience with information assurance or cybersecurity requirements in academic or internship environmentsKnowledge of static code analysis and performing code reviews with and without a static code analyzer for security vulnerabilities and applying industry best practicesKnowledge of DoD requirements, including National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and RMFAbility to obtain a security clearanceScheduled to obtain a BA or BS degree in Winter 2020 or Spring/Summer 2021Ability to obtain DoD 8570 Compliant Certification within 60 days of hire Nice If You Have:Experience with working through the software development life cycle (SDLC)Experience with static code analysis tools, including FortifyExperience with VMware or virtual test environments and Linux and WindowsKnowledge of common software vulnerabilities and source code bugsKnowledge of industry best practice methodologies in software security and reporting on testing results and appropriate countermeasuresAbility to work in a team environmentSecret clearance preferredDoD 8570 Compliant Certification preferred We seek exceptional candidates from a variety of schools and programs. Individuals who are highly capable of developing insight and advice for our clients, but also highly motivated to work with our clients to help implement the solutions we develop. Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Build Your Career: Rewarding work, fun challenges, and a ton of investment in our people—that’s Booz Allen Cyber. When you join Booz Allen, we’ll help you develop the career you want. Competitions — From programming competitions at our PyNights (Python competition and learning events) to competing in CTFs, we’ve got plenty of chances for you to show off your skills. Paid Research — Have an innovative idea to explore or hypothesis to test? You can participate in challenges via our crowdsourcing platform, the Garage, and other programs to be awarded dedicated time and/or funding to advance your skills. Cyber University — CyberU has more than 5000 instructor led and self paced Cyber courses, a free online library that you can access from just about anywhere—including your phone—and certification exam prep guides that include practical assessments to prepare you for your exam. Academic Partnerships — In addition to our tuition reimbursement benefit, we’ve partnered with University of Maryland University College to offer two graduate certificate programs in Cybersecurity—fully funded without a tuition cap. Maker/Hackerspaces — Race drones, print 3D gadgets, drink coffee from our Wi Fi coffee maker, and get hands on training on tools and tech from in house experts in our dedicated maker and hackerspaces. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. Job Location: Americas / Western Europe your home, given appropriate facilities including broadband Internet. As a software engineer at Canonical, you have a key role in the success of Ubuntu, our partners, customers, and the larger Ubuntu community. Your primary responsibility is to your team contributing toward objectives, continuously improving, and striving to be a vital part of a healthy, high performing team. At Canonical, you will have the opportunity to influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution. As part of Cloud Engineering, you'll be building modeling software to drive applications running on cloud technology (such as Kubernetes and OpenStack). You'll be engineering solutions to scale in production, working with our field teams to ensure we're meeting the needs of customers looking to adopt cutting edge technology. What you'll do Collaborate proactively with a distributed team Write high quality code to create new features Debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them Review code produced by other engineers Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events Who you are You love technology and working with brilliant people You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self motivated You have a Bachelor's or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree You have a history of writing modern, maintainable Python You have interest and experience with two or more of the following: Ubuntu Linux, Kubernetes, OpenStack, Ceph, QEMU/KVM, LXC/LXD, Postgresql, Mongo, Debian packaging, distributed systems We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We truly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better platform for our users and customers. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of the world of Ubuntu. Keywords: python, kubernetes, openstack, postgresql, agile, linux, ubuntu, home, remote, travel, open source Reports to: Operator Engineering Manager #LI Remote #stack As a member of our Software Engineering Group, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought provoking environment one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Advanced knowledge of application, data, and infrastructure architecture disciplines Understanding of architecture and design across all systems Working proficiency in developmental toolsets Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals Passionate about building an innovative culture Proficiency in one or more modern programming languages (Preferably Android, Java, and Kotlin) Excellent understanding of all mobile UI fundamentals, from layout to animations Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance, and software improvement A Strong experience with Data Structures and Multi Threading. Understanding of architectural patterns such as MVP and MVVM Understanding of application design patterns Gang of Four patterns Create an application that is available on google play store is preferred Proficiency with Linux, Mac OS X, GNU tools, and scripting languages is a bonus Understanding of build systems such as gradle, Jenkins is huge plus Working knowledge of Git/Bitbucket version control Experience working with API integration Excellent interpersonal communication with strong verbal / written skills Demonstrated skill and passion for operational excellence JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an equal opportunity employer and affirmative action employer Disability/VeteranJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans Job Summary: We are looking for a seasoned Software Engineer. You’ll be working with a modern tech stack built in AWS on the JVM. Experience with Java is required, but exposure to alternative JVM languages such as Scala and Kotlin are beneficial. Your responsibilities will include designing, developing, and maintaining complex back end software systems which must be scalable, reliable, and efficient. Responsibilities: Integration of user facing elements with server side logic Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code Design and implementation of low latency, high availability, and performant applications Creating data models that represent and support business processes Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Basic Qualifications: Java experience with exposure to alternative JVM languages Real world experience doing complex integrations between multiple systems, servers, and environments Understanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Comfortable working with Git Working knowledge of AWS A reliable team player who values the way we work as well as what we work on Is an excellent and open communicator (verbally, in writing, thru documentation, thru code comments, in status updates, ticket comments, diagrams, etc.) An optimistic, “can do” kind of person who also knows when (and how) to say “no” Comfortable working on semi remote, and with globally distributed, teams Well versed in agile principles, values, and ceremonies Accountable, with self and others, and can help the team push forward thru ambiguity while staying positive and having fun Required Education Computer science/engineering degree or equivalent experience is preferred About Ro Founded in 2017, Ro is a patient driven telehealth company that puts you in control of your health. We’re patients, just like you, building technology to make healthcare accessible, affordable, and maybe even enjoyable. Ro powers three digital health clinics Roman for men’s health, Rory for women’s health, and Zero for fighting smoking addiction as well as Ro Pharmacy, a simple and affordable online pharmacy where every medication is $5 per month. The company’s nationwide networking of physicians and pharmacies provides a personalized, end to end healthcare experience from online treatment to the delivery of medication and ongoing care. Ro was named #2 in Wellness on Fast Company’s 2019 list of the World’s Most Innovative Companies, listed by Inc. Magazine as a Best Place to Work in 2020, and earned its Great Place to Work Certification in 2020. At Ro, you will build technology to help people become a healthier version of themselves, turn physicians into better healthcare professionals, and power our increasingly complex operations and fulfillment logistics. We're looking for strong Front End Software Engineers of all levels to build products for our members, physicians, and pharmacy team; you’ll work closely with the engineering team and development team to maintain and create Ro’s ultra scalable and highly reliable software system. What You'll Do: Plan, high level estimation, requirement analysis with Product Owner, Developers, and Designers Asses the technical risk and assist in the creation of specifications Coordinate with the team to give technical leadership and achieve sprint goals Provide coding help and technical guidance to your teammates Maintain and audit code quality What You'll Bring: Proven success with hands on frontend development utilizing Javascript (React is a plus) A range of experience in building highly scalable web applications on a large scale A solid understanding of issue management systems, project management skills, and version control A thorough understanding of security aspects We welcome qualified candidates of all races, creeds, genders, and sexuality to apply. See our California Privacy Policy here. Job Summary: Carver Edison is looking to hire several back end engineers to help us build the next generation of our flagship products. You’ll have the chance to solve complex problems with global reach and impact. The ideal candidates are relentless problem solvers who can design, architect, and execute end to end technology solution using Python, Docker, Flask, Nodejs, PostgreSQL, GraphQL and AWS. You will partner with the team to bring customer touchpoints to life and will be responsible for the technical execution of back end projects through hands on development and prototyping. This position reports directly to the CTOResponsibilities: Be able to rightly estimate the task and take ownership on building production ready software solutionsCollaborate with the Product & Design teams to implement features based on business rules and visual designBe able to to understand the complexity of the scope and come up with solutions that is designed to scaleMust demonstrate craftsmanship on built solutions that follows design patterns, code quality and ready to scaleMust be open and inclined to ask for help to maintain the development and delivery agilityQualifications: More than 3 years of demonstrated professional experience, working for enterprise or startupPassion for building comprehensive, intelligent and elegant solutions with quick learning skillsMust have expertise building products, using Python, Postgresql, Data Structures, AWS Lambda and various other AWS ServicesMust know software designs and techniques that drive performance, security and scalability of built solutionsBS/MS in Computer Science or similarStrong communication & team collaboration skills, combined with the willingness to learnExperience with Design Patters, Distributed Application Architecture, Enterprise Grade Security toolsetJob Type: Full timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayOvertimeAbility to Commute/Relocate:New York, NY 10014 (Preferred)Experience:Enterprise or Startup: 3 years (Required)Professional Python, Postgresql, AWS, APIs: 3 years (Required)This Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applyOpen to applicants who do not have a high school diploma/GEDA “Fair Chance” job (you or the employer follow Fair Chance hiring practices when performing background checks)Open to applicants who do not have a college diplomaCompany's website:carveredisoncomWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 BuzzFeed BuzzFeed is the world's leading independent digital media and tech company, with a cross platform news and entertainment network that reaches hundreds of millions of people globally and spreads Joy and Truth across the internet. Our portfolio of brands are household names that people rely on to inform and entertain, including: BuzzFeed, BuzzFeed News, Tasty, Nifty, Bring Me, Cocoa Butter, Pero Like, Worth It, and Unsolved to name a few! These properties and their Creators reach over 134M people a month through articles, lists, videos, animations, quizzes, podcasts, original series, newsletters and more. The Role The Content Systems team builds the tools and services that bring BuzzFeed's content to life. Our engineering team is looking for a frontend developer to help us develop applications that creators use to make everything from lists to quizzes to long news features. This role is perfect for someone with a passion for digital media and who wants to work on projects with a global impact. You'll report to a Senior Engineering Manager in Minneapolis, surrounded by passionate people who are generous with their time and want to help you grow at BuzzFeed. You'll work with engineering, product, design, and data science colleagues globally across time zones. We are currently working remotely, and we expect to eventually re open our offices when it is safe to return, in 2021. After re opening, candidates will be expected to come into the New York or Minneapolis office. You Will Develop user facing applications and features in our CMS that unlock and improve creating digital content at scale Work with other software engineers, designers, product managers, and others to understand and shape work before it becomes code and after it ships to production Reach across the entire tech stack at BuzzFeed and get an understanding of large scale media companies' architecture and operations You Have 2 or more years of experience in software engineering An understanding that the web is for everyone and build inclusive, accessible systems You are a passionate and product focused engineer who enjoys contributing to and leading technical projects and working with engineers at all levels You value test, instrument and document your work You adapt quickly to change and love to ship and iterate, building on new user research, insights and data The Content Systems team manages our proprietary CMS, a set of tools that excels at helping creators make the kind of content that sets BuzzFeed apart. Our platform encourages experimentation and expansion. It's important to us that our tools be reliable and bring some joy to the creation process. We know that good engineers come from a variety of backgrounds and languages so if you don't already know the languages that we use, we know that you'll learn. Our frontend consists of several JS frameworks, such as React, Preact, and Backbone Most of our backend services are written in Python, Go, or Node, depending on the context of the service. Monitoring and instrumentation is essential for our content systems. We use a combination of Datadog, Sentry, and proprietary services We believe in ownership over the entire engineering cycle the same engineers architect, build, test, deploy, monitor, and run their services using containers on AWS/GCP All job applications must be received through the official BuzzFeed Jobs board (https://wwwbuzzfeed.com/about/jobs), including referrals. It is BuzzFeed's practice to not schedule job interviews until after an application is submitted through our jobs board. Life at BuzzFeed At BuzzFeed, we believe our work benefits from the diverse perspectives of our employees. As such, BuzzFeed celebrates inclusion and is committed to equal opportunity employment. At BuzzFeed, you can expect: A supportive, inclusive atmosphere on a team that values your contributions Opportunities for personal and professional growth via work experience, offerings from our in house Learning @ BuzzFeed team, our Employee Resource Groups, and more An attractive and equitable compensation package, including salary and stock options A generous and well rounded benefits program featuring PTO, unlimited sick time, comprehensive medical benefits, a family leave policy, access to mental health platforms, retirement plans, gym and wellness discounts, and much more Plenty of snacks (healthy and indulgent), catered lunches, beverages, etc.. BuzzFeed is the world's leading tech powered media company, with a cross platform news and entertainment network that reaches hundreds of millions of people globally. The company aims to spread truth and joy across the internet by producing articles, lists, quizzes, videos, original series; lifestyle content through brands including Tasty, the world's largest social food network; original reporting and investigative journalism through BuzzFeed News; strategic partnerships, licensing and product development through BuzzFeed Marketing; and original productions across broadcast, cable, SVOD, film and digital platforms for BuzzFeed Studios. BuzzFeed is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability or any other protected category. At Hopper, we’re on a mission to make booking travel faster, easier, and more transparent. We are leveraging the power that comes from combining massive amounts of data and machine learning to build the world’s fastest growing travel app one that enables our customers to save money and travel more. With over $235M CAD in funding from leading investors in both Canada and the US, Hopper is primed to continue its path toward becoming the go to way to book travel as the world continues its shift to mobile. Recognized as the fastest growing travel app by Forbes and one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company two years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 40 million times and has helped travelers plan over 100 million trips and counting. The app has received high praise in the form of mobile accolades such as the Webby Award for Best Travel App of 2019, the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016 and Apple’s App Store Best of 2015. Take off with us! THE ROLE A stellar opportunity to have massive impact: join the growing team at a company continually redefining how people travel. As Software Developer, you will be directly responsible for many of the innovative features we’ll be working on. Whether it's collaborating with our outstanding design and product teams or helping our data science group, you'll work on bleeding edge to personalize travel for our ever expanding population of members. IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL: Build innovative consumer experiences, setting standards for code and performance Create delightful user experiences in an iOS app Leverage and contribute to a rich microservice architecture system Collaborate with a diverse group of people, giving and receiving feedback for growth Execute on big opportunities, helping Hopper rise to the top of the travel industry A PERFECT CANDIDATE HAS: A passion for building engaging user experiences Thrived in mobile product development on iOS using Swift Experience or is willing to learn distributed system development in Scala The ability to bring leading industry techniques and technologies to the table Excelled in cross functional teams, working fluidly with Product Managers, Data Scientists, Software Developers, and other highly skilled specialists A passionate focus on quality, writing testable code that performs well for our consumers A desire to help our team continuously improve BENEFITS Well funded and proven startup with large ambitions, competitive salary and stock options Dynamic and entrepreneurial team where pushing limits is everyday business 100% employer paid medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance plans Access to a 401k (US) or Retirement Savings Plan (Canada) Bloomberg software engineers develop impactful solutions to complex, real world problems. This is no different for our interns. Engineering interns take ownership of their projects under the mentorship of full time software engineers. We are looking for top computer science students who are passionate about technology and eager to learn in our high energy, fast paced environment. As an intern, you'll become an expert on the Bloomberg Terminal and gain a deeper understanding of technology and finance. In addition to your projects, you'll participate in coding challenges, attend tech talks and network with other interns. We'll trust you to: Take ownership of projects under the guidance of your mentor Be a collaborative member of your team Have a deep understanding of data structures and algorithms Be an excellent problem solver You'll need to: Have programming experience in C, C++, Java or Python Have a minimum GPA of 30 Be working toward a BA, BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science If this sounds like you, please apply below! Software Engineer MCode Solutions, LLC. Description We are looking for Web Applications Developers who possess a passion for pushing desktop and mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers and producers to design and build the next generation of our web based applications. Candidate will build browser based applications and enhance the existing apps. Key responsibilities Design and build advanced browser based responsive applications. Design and implement user facing features in browser based desktop and mobile applications. Collaborate with cross functional teams to define, design, and ship new features and enhancements. Unit test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Minimum Qualifications Experience in Object Oriented Programming. Experience developing browser based applications for both desktop and mobile. Experience and/or interest in Test Driven Development (TDD) and agile methodologies. Strong communication skills for success in a pair programming environment. ENGLISH IS A PLUS! INTERMEDIATE IS ACCEPTABLE; HOWEVER, CANDIDATES MUST BE WILLING TO LEARN AND EXCEL AS NEEDED. Desktop and mobile app deployment experience a plus. Experience with multiple mobile platforms a plus (phone, tablet, watch) Proficient with Javascript, CSS, SASS, HTML5, PHP, Perl, GIT, Python, Java. Experience with relational databases such as Oracle and MySQL. Experience with Web content Manager frameworks such Drupal, Bootstrap, Wordpress, etc. Experience with Frameworks such as Laravel, REACT JS. Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect web applications to back end services and to hardware such as raspberry PI, FPGA, or other proprietary devices. Technical Skills SKILL NUMBER PRIMARY SKILL PROFICIENCY LEVEL REQUIRED/DESIRED 1 HTML5 ADVANCED REQUIRED 2 PHP ADVANCED REQUIRED 3 Javascript ADVANCED REQUIRED 4 PERL ADVANCED DESIRED 5 GIT INTERMEDIATE DESIRED 6 SASS ADVANCED REQUIRED 7 CSS ADVANCED REQUIRED 8 CMS ADVANCED REQUIRED 9 REACT JS ADVANCED REQUIRED 10 Laravel ADVANCED REQUIRED 11 Python INTERMEDIATE DESIRED 12 Java INTERMEDIATE DESIRED Primary Location New York (US) and Ecuador Schedule Hourly Full Time. iCode365 SUPPORTS GENDER EQUALITY: With the hopes to accelerate gender inclusion, our company fully supports and encourages programs and strategies to increase the role of women in leadership positions. Gender parity and inclusion is everyone's responsibility! New York, NY or Remote We are looking for great engineers to join our startup team as we build the next generation of content mapping tools. These are enterprise strength tools anyone can quickly learn to use to map and track complex thoughts or systems of any kind. Our software is underpinned by the state of the art in systems thinking methodology and the pioneering work of our cofounder Dr. Derek Cabrera, an internationally renowned cognitive scientist based at Cornell University. Systems Thinking is an increasingly popular method of analysis and problem solving, widely applicable in industry, government, not for profit, education, business, and civic sectors. Its real promise lies in visually unpacking complex systems, thereby helping experts develop solutions to seemingly intractable and often transdisciplinary issues, including those which contain competing interests and touch economic, political, social, and other systems. Our tech stack includes Riotjs atop SVG for interactive map building and visualization; Redis / Nodejs / WebSockets for real time collaboration; MySQL for a source of truth; and some other tools and services around text understanding and image processing in Python. You are: a highly motivated front end engineer who is excited to learn new things, and help in shaping, building a product, working with a cross functional group, incorporating user feedback. Strong candidates will have… Strong proficiency with modern ES6+ JavaScript Proficiency with advanced CSS (transforms, animation, filters, flexbox, grid etc) Experience with SVG/Canvas, and/or drawing tools like d3js, Fabricjs, Processingjs, etc Experience with application frameworks such as Riotjs / Reactjs / Vuejs Full stack inclination with some backend experience with Nodejs/Python/Ruby Experience in an Agile product development environment A passion for getting things in front of customers and iterating fast To apply, please send a cover letter and resume to jobs@plecticacom Overview: The ideal candidate for this role should have a very good understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, debugging and be able to independently use these in your projects. You should have a solid working, practical understanding of technologies such as Object Oriented Programming, Backbonejs/Reactjs/Vuejs, Marionette, Nodejs, Foundation/BootStrap, SASS/LESS, Webpack/Grunt, NPM, Handlebars, Ajax, JSON, Unit Testing. Perform other duties as assigned. Essential Functions: Create Web application front end as per design comps. Build modular and reusable components. Adapt to established coding standards and group procedures and get guidance as necessary from Senior UI Developers/Tech Leads. Plan and estimate their project in an accurate time format (hours, days, weeks), owning the entire project and becoming a subject matter expert (SME) and sharing that knowledge with others. Properly document their code through comments and documentation/diagrams. Improve code quality as they receive and learn from continuous feedback in their tech reviews and begin to give their own tech reviews to other developers. Deliver projects with quality and in a time efficient matter. They should progressively deliver their features faster. Collaborate with our partners (PdM, Creative, UX, QE, Backend, Senior UI Developers). Conduct testing on multiple devices and browsers before committing their code, creating unit test cases with ample coverage. Understand entire SDLC (software development life cycle) process. Ensure design consistency with our coded style guide (CSG). Familiarity with our process tools (JIRA, Confluence). Understand and implement good practices for SEO, Site Performance, Accessibility and Cross Browser compatibility. Influence architecture stack and standards through increased collaboration with other developers. Demonstrate leadership through Tech Talks, presentations. Experience with mobile first approach and responsive design. Good understanding of backend technologies such as Java and Node. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications: Education/Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering OR relevant experience. 3+ years’ experience in UI development. Experience with Foundation/Bootstrap, Backbonejs/Reactjs/Vuejs. Deep understanding of JavaScript concepts. Experience in designing and implementing responsive layouts. Working knowledge of Nodejs. Experience with Java a plus. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Mathematical Skills: Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and analytical skills. Reasoning Ability: Able to work independently and collaborate well various teams. Strong attention to detail. Ability to handle multiple projects effectively. Strong interpersonal, presentation, and persuasion skills. Physical Demands: This position involves regular walking, standing, sitting for extended periods of time, hearing, and talking. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching. May involve close vision, color vision, depth perception, focus adjustment, and viewing computer monitor for extended periods of time. Involves manual dexterity for using keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment. May involve moving or lifting items under 10 pounds. Work Hours: Ability to work a flexible schedule based on department and company needs. This job overview is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy’s, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. Macy’s is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Macy’s, Inc. – including Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s – will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC chXVIII Art. 9. Our Purpose We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results. Job Title Software Development Engineer Intern, Summer 2021 The 10 week summer internship program provides emerging talent with hands on experience in industry, enabling you to make a positive impact in a world beyond cash. Do you want to be part of a dynamic and agile team environment? Are you motivated by meaningful projects and work that touch a global business? Are you collaborative and driven by delivering measurable results? If yes, then you’re invited to start something PRICELESS™. Mastercard’s software engineering teams leverage Agile development principles, advanced development and design practices, and an obsession over security, reliability, and performance to deliver solutions that delight our customers. As a software development engineer intern, you’ll support development of advanced technologies and applications that are revolutionizing payments. Your summer experience will enhance your business skills and contribute to the company's goals and objectives. Specific responsibilities will vary; your experience will include: Challenging and meaningful projects Networking, mentorship, and access to senior leads Volunteer and team building Formal performance assessments End of summer presentations to peers and Mastercard leadership All About You: Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree program majoring in Computer Science or a related field with a graduation date of December 2021 or beyond Exposure to algorithms, data structures and core computer science concepts Experience with object oriented development and design patterns Proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, C++ etc. Strong written and verbal English communications skills Strong analytical and excellent problem solving skills Interest in working in an Agile environment Due to COVID 19, most of our employees are working from home. We’ve implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video and are onboarding new hires remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together. Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact reasonableaccommodation@mastercardcom and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly. COVID 19 Update: click here. Your career starts here. It’s no secret that technology is the world’s fastest growing industry. Now’s the time for you to get involved. A career in tech isn’t just about coding. FDM consultants are working on exciting advancements in technology, including robotics, automation and more. Don’t have a degree in tech? No problem, if you have the passion and aptitude for technology it doesn’t matter what you studied in college. We welcome all degree backgrounds at FDM. FDM Software Development Consultants take on responsibilities such as Java/C#/Python development, DevOps, Software Development Engineer in Test, Automation, Cloud, Big Data/Hadoop, DevSecOps, Production Support and more. FDM is an award winning graduate employer. We recruit, train and deploy talented individuals, like yourself, who want to excel in a successful technology career. Your adventure begins in one of our US centers (Metro DC area, New York City, Austin, Charlotte, or Houston). Following training, you’ll gain two years of commercial experience on client sites across the US. It doesn’t stop there, many of our consultants go on to work permanently with the client, work internally at FDM or choose a different pathway using the connections and experience they’ve gained. What We Offer You: Industry recognized paid training and assignment with one of FDM’s global clients Comprehensive benefits including; Medical, Dental & Vision, 401K & Company Match, and PTO Ongoing training and development through FDM mentors and virtual learning Relocation support where applicable for training and assignment(s) The ideal FDMer is/has: Bachelor’s degree or above A strong aptitude for IT and the interest and drive to expand your IT skill set An analytical mindset and problem solving abilities Eager, ambitious, and adaptable to change Legally authorized to work in the US Geographically flexible throughout the US to support our clients Able to commit to a two year contract with FDM upon completion of the training period Culture and Diversity At FDM, our culture is unique. From charity partnerships to networking events, we are proud to provide a range of opportunities for you to get involved, broaden your networks and help you build relationships. In 2018 we were awarded Diversity Employer of the Year and we continue to prove that we’re inclusive by nature through our initiatives including Women in Tech. FDM is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other status protected by federal, provincial, or local laws. INDFDM Blend helps lenders maximize their digital agility. Our digital lending platform is used by Wells Fargo, US. Bank, and other leading financial institutions to increase customer acquisition, improve productivity, and accelerate the delivery of any banking product across every channel. We process more than $35 billion in mortgages and consumer loans daily, helping millions of consumers get into homes and gain access to the capital they need to lead better lives. The final step to buying a home is called the closing ceremony. This is one of the more painful parts of the buying process. Historically this involves a large number of emails or phone calls between the buyer and title company, meeting a notary in person on your closing day, and reviewing and signing a large amount of documents with the notary. Our job is to reduce the friction in the closing ceremony. This involves supporting on line scheduling, guiding a borrower through the closing documents before the day of signing, and allowing the borrower to interact with a notary remotely. All of these features involve building new workflows, working with vendors to provide features such as remote notarization, and working with our lenders to integrate their existing systems into Blend Close. https://blendcom/blog/news/introducing blend close/ How you'll contribute: Build one of the first online closing solutions Build a closing platform for partners to integrate with Build tooling and support for tracking and triage Design systems that can scale Who you are: Have experience building platforms and APIs for other developers to use Enjoy building point to point and event based integrations Proactively think about potential failure scenarios and how to handle them properly Bonus Points! Experience working with Go, TypeScript, Nodejs Experience working with PostgreSQL, MongoDB Experience integrating with video conferencing applications Experience integrating with e signature applications Benefits and Perks: Meaningful equity and a 401(k) plan Comprehensive health benefits A well rounded Wellness Program that covers a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more Lunch, dinner, snacks, and Pizza Fridays On site meditation, yoga, and massage Flexible work schedule, with open vacation policy 4 months of paid parental or personal leave Convenient location, with parking programs, and flexible commuter options Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable law, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Notice at Collection for California Applicants WES is looking a Junior Software/Support Engineer who will be responsible for providing first line of support for existing suite of .net applications, developing technology solutions to create self help tools and working closely with lead/senior developers in designing and developing next generation business solutions. Duties included but not limited to: Provide technical support to customers by answering emails, phone calls and online questions Solve issues in a timely manner, ensuring limited downtime for the customer Communicate with all levels of an organization conveying technical information in a manner in which business leaders can understand Resolve customer complaints Research required information using available resources The Ideal Candidate will: Have excellent customer facing abilities and customer service skills Have excellent communication skills verbal and written Be a strong team player with a personal commitment toward business and its customers. Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or equivalent) 2+ years of professional experience C# (MVC) & .NET Framework JavaScript Ability to manage multiple tasks in a dynamic, agile environment Strong ability to troubleshoot software problems identify and solve problems accurately, creatively and effectively Up to date with latest trends, techniques, and technologies What will put you ahead of the rest: Source Control (TFS) TSQL and basic knowledge of RDBMS EOE Statement: World Education Services provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, World Education Services complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Humanizing Digital Experiences® Kasisto’s Digital Experience Platform, KAI, is designed for financial institutions to deliver the industry’s most amazing Conversational AI powered intelligent virtual assistants to their customers. KAI is open and extensible, and also fluent in the language of banking and finance. From simple retail transactions to the complex demands of corporate banks and wealth management, financial institutions can deliver meaningful digital interactions with KAI that help build their digital brand. Financial institutions around the world use KAI, including DBS Bank, JP. Morgan, Absa, Standard Chartered, TD Bank, and Manulife Bank among others. They chose KAI for its proven track record to drive business results while improving customer experiences. The platform is used by millions of consumers around the world, all the time, across multiple channels, in different languages, and is optimized for performance, scalability, security, and compliance. This position We are looking for a Full Stack, client side software engineer to help build and integrate responsive chat interfaces, analytics dashboards and reporting tools. What you’ll be doing Working closely with clients and internal engineering, product and design teams to gather requirements Building and integrating front end applications with CSS, HTML, Javascript, jQuery, Vuejs, Webpack, Handlebarsjs, LESS, Backbone, Python, Django and Java Working to improve user experience and functionality for tools Writing testable code utilizing common front end unit and BDD testing frameworks What you need for this position 3+ years in client side web development with CSS, HTML, Javascript and jQuery Proven, full stack front end experience using Python and Django Other Modern Web Framework(s) experience is a plus (React, Vue, Angular, Ember) Experience working collaboratively to build scalable, modular, production software in an Agile environment Experience using RESTful json services Nodejs and API development familiarity is plus D3js is a plus What we offer Competitive compensation package Ground floor opportunity within rapidly growing tech startup Great collaborative team environment Full Benefits Fun perks Location NYC, Flatiron District We welcome your cover letter with a description of your previous complete experience and your resume. Applicants must be authorized to work in the US as we are unable to sponsor. Kasisto is an equal opportunity employer. As an experienced member of our Software Engineering Group, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought provoking environment one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally. As an experienced Software Engineer, your mission is to help our team of innovators and technologists toward creating next level solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help your team raise their game, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Your expertise in various technology domains will be counted on to set strategic direction and solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. Your quest to embracing leading edge technologies and methodologies inspires your team to follow suit. And best of all, you'll be able to harness massive amounts of brainpower through our global network of technologists from around the world. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Expertise in application, data, and infrastructure architecture disciplines Advanced knowledge of architecture and design across all systems Proficiency in multiple modern programming languages Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals Passionate about building an innovative culture Demonstrated experience with Java 8/J2EE distributed application development, REST, microservices, Spring Boot, Netflix frameworks, API gateway, etc. Experience with messaging (Kafka) based integration and microservices Programming with NoSQL/NPL a plus (Cassandra) Familiar with big data technologies. Spark, Scala, HDFS Familiar with modern infrastructure technology and architecture (cloud, virtualization, object stores, etc.) SDLC tools and agile development methodology Solid understanding of building services in cloud JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans Here at Warby Parker, we're searching for a top notch Software Engineer to join our 60+ person in house Engineering team and help build the technology that powers the Warby Parker retail experience. In this role, you'll support the development of back end features for our tools and systems, including our custom built point of sale system. (This system is tailored to make our shopping experience as easy as can be for both our employees and customers alike. We call it Point of Everything, or PO.E. for short.) If you're a motivated full stack software engineer who takes your work seriously—but not yourself—you may be just what we're looking for. Read on! What you'll do: Build new features on top of our existing tools and systems to help create and improve upon an amazing omnichannel experience for our customers and employees Own the design, development, and deployment of back end features for our retail technology systems Work with others across the company, including the Retail, E commerce, and Development teams, to promote and integrate new technologies and reusable components into their workflow Who you are: Equipped with 3+ years of experience in full stack software development Experienced building with Python, PostgreSQL, and RESTful APIs A clear, friendly, and open minded communicator (over email, in person, via carrier pigeon!) Excited to collaborate with others across the Warby Parker technology ecosystem Creative and empathetic, especially when it comes to design and development Passionate about building features from concept to deployment Not on the Office of Inspector General's List of Excluded Individuals/Entities (LEIE) Extra credit: Experience contributing to open source projects Proficiency in client side technologies such as React/Redux and TypeScript Experience building applications for iOS or Android About us: Warby Parker was founded with a lofty objective: to offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses. By circumventing traditional channels and designing our frames in house, we're able to offer top quality glasses and sunglasses (plus an uncommonly delightful shopping experience) at a fraction of the traditional going price. Since starting out in 2010, we've set up headquarters in New York City and Nashville, built our own optical lab, and opened retail locations all around the US. and Canada. As we grow, we're committed to proving that businesses can scale and be profitable while doing good in the world. For every pair of glasses we sell, a pair is distributed to someone in need—to date, that's over five million pairs. Of course, all work and no play makes a dull workplace. Who likes that? At Warby Parker, you can look forward to company outings, volunteering and learning opportunities, and just great company. Teammates can also connect around common interests, backgrounds, and identities, no matter their home base, through our various employee resource groups. (We're happy to say that the Human Rights Campaign has named us a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ employees!) That sense of community keeps us excited to walk through the door every day. Good work, good people. Some benefits and perks of working at Warby Parker: Health, vision, and dental insurance Flexible "My Time" vacation policy Retirement savings plan with a company match Parental leave (non birthing parents included) Cell phone plan reimbursement A health and wellness stipend Free eyewear, plus discounts for friends and family And more—just ask! Be a part of a dynamic and diverse team that engineers large scale, complex and resilient technology solutions that drive our global business. You'll help build and optimize digital applications and systems that support millions of customers, clients and employees worldwide. When you work at JPMorgan Chase, you're not just working at a global financial institution. You're an integral part of one of the world's biggest tech companies. In 16 strategic technology locations worldwide, our team of more than 50,000 technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning and cloud development. As a firm, we're partnering with FinTech and Silicon Valley tech firms to deliver cutting edge solutions to our clients and customers. Our $108 billion annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. What to expect Joining our Software Engineer Internship means you will: Begin with an induction covering our tech strategies, products and systems, as well as an overview of our technology community. Dive head first and gain hands on experience creating innovative solutions that make a difference for our customers, clients and employees. Work on agile teams with peers and experienced software engineers to grow your skills, share ideas and innovate with our technology community all over the world. Gain deeper insight into what it means to work here through networking events, senior speaker sessions and peer mentorship programs. At the end of the summer, top performers may receive the opportunity to join us for a full time role upon graduation. Locations you may join: Chicago, IL Columbus, OH Houston, TX Wilmington, DE New York Metro, NY Plano, TX San Francisco, CA Seattle, WA Tampa, FL You will be given the opportunity to select up to three location preferences on your application. Potential placement could include any of our offices within the city's metropolitan area. About you If you're ready to put your passion for technology to work in a way that makes a real difference, you'll find your place in our Software Engineer Internship. Key skills include: Computer Science and/or Engineering majors are preferred, while other majors may be considered Pursuing a BA., BS. or 5th year MA. or MS. with expected graduation of August 2021 through June 2023 or participating in a JPMorgan Chase sponsored training program A well rounded academic background with a preferred minimum cumulative GPA of 32 (or prior participation in a JPMorgan Chase sponsored training program Foundational knowledge of programming languages (eg., Python, Javascript, Java, C++, C#), databases, data structures, and algorithms Strong interpersonal and communication skills Ability to thrive in a fast paced, collaborative environment Relevant internship experience and/or leadership in school or community organizations This role is a pipeline to our full time Software Engineer Program, which is not eligible for employer immigration sponsorship. If you will require employer immigration sponsorship after completing your degree, you do not meet the basic requirements of this summer internship role. Join us At JPMorgan Chase, we're creating positive change for the diverse communities we serve. We do this by championing your innovative ideas through a supportive culture that helps you every step of the way as you build your career. We value the unique skills of every employee, and we're building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you're looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. What's Next? Help us learn about you by submitting a complete and thoughtful application, which includes your resume. Your application and resume is a way for us to initially get to know you, so it's important to complete all relevant application questions so we have as much information about you as possible. To get started, enter your email address. Your email address will be used to create and maintain your profile. If you are a current JPMC employee, use your JPMC email address to apply for jobs internally. Do not use an email address with ".edu" extension as doing so could result in delays receiving updates regarding your candidacy. After you confirm your application, we will review it to determine whether you meet certain required qualifications. If you are advanced to the next step of the process, you'll receive an email invitation to complete a series of 12 games through the pymetrics platform. pymetrics will allow you to showcase your potential beyond what you tell us in your resume and application form. It's an additional data point that helps us gain a better understanding of who you are as an individual. It should take no longer than 25 35 minutes to complete. If you have already completed the pymetrics games, you will have the opportunity to submit your gameplay results for this specific application without having to replay the games. Following completion of pymetrics, you'll receive another email invitation to complete a coding challenge and video interview, powered by HireVue. This is your opportunity to further bring your resume to life and showcase your experience for our recruiting team and hiring managers. After completing your coding challenge and video interview, you will be invited to complete a short survey where you will have the opportunity to specify which location you are most interested in. pymetrics, HireVue and a completed survey are required, and your application will not be considered for further review until you have completed them. We strongly encourage that you apply and complete these required elements as soon as possible, since programs will close as positions are filled. JPMorgan Chase is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that respects all people for their unique skills, backgrounds and professional experiences. We strive to hire qualified, diverse candidates, and we will provide reasonable accommodations for known disabilities. Visit jpmorganchasecom/careers for upcoming events, career advice, our locations and moreJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans POSITION SUMMARY The Simons Foundation is growing our computational science organization called the Flatiron Institute. The Scientific Computing Core (SCC) is part of the Flatiron Institute and is led by co directors Nick Carriero and Ian Fisk. This core develops and deploys the computing infrastructure — including new computational and statistical methods and storage and data handling systems — necessary for carrying out the center’s research. It also acts as a creator and disseminator of software tools for use by various scientific communities. Primary Responsibilities As a member of the Scientific Computing Core, the Software Development Specialist will be supporting various projects across the Flatiron Institute. The Software Development Specialist will create, support and maintain numerous applications and tools as needed to help support diverse scientific research projects. Experience: Three+ years of professional experience with software development Proficiency in C, C++, R or Python. Experience with back end data systems Experience building data pipelines from large scale data sets Strong familiarity with Linux and/or Docker Experience with big data technology Relational database experience with MySQL or Postgres Experience with scientific programming is a plus. Experience with running batch jobs on computing clusters Background in image processing Related Skills & Other Requirements: Knowledge of general software engineering practices such as Full Software Development Life Cycle, coding standards, code review and version control systems (eg., Mercurial, Git). Technical and scientific curiosity Professional communication skills and a demonstrated commitment to customer service Education: BS., MS. or PhD. in computer science or related technical discipline. About Us: Pulse Digital is an innovative healthcare tech company; we develop various web based decision support applications to help our clients better understand the complex landscape of oncology and special therapeutics. Our dashboards translate and visualize data to create engaging and useful platforms for our users. We're focused on sharing the company's vision and guiding our team towards the end goal. We embrace all ideas and hold multiple brainstorming sessions around new themes to progress future projects. Our products are used by top pharmaceutical companies to help them make better market access decisions within the oncology and special therapeutics space. Responsibilities: The Software Engineer (Front end) role is for someone who's excited about crafting elegant user interfaces and improving the overall experience for users. In this role, you will: Build elegant user interfaces across our exciting product portfolio Architect efficient and reusable front end systems that drive our platform Identify and resolve front end performance issues Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree 1 3 years of industry experience minimum You write clean, performant JS code You have a deep understanding of cross browser differences, JS performance tradeoffs, and profiling and debugging tools You are passionate about building clean and modern user interfaces that enable users to solve their problems. You can work within tight deadlines to deliver products You have working knowledge of NodeJS You have experience and knowledge with React and Webpack Proven ability to work as part of a team to solve technical problems Demonstrated ability to learn continuously, work independently, and make decisions with minimal supervision Excellent written and verbal communication skills You are interested in growing your skills and learning about emerging technologies You have CSS skills Preferred Qualifications: Basic knowledge of GraphQL Science or engineering degree preferred Experience with server side rendering techniques & working in test driven development environment Experience with JIRA or other project tracking software Perks & Benefits: Casual dress code Health benefits + 401k Remote work flexibility Quarterly team dinners and weekly happy hours Unlimited snacks Generous PTO/Vacation Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking talented full stack Software Engineers who would like an opportunity to join our one year Rotational Engineering Program, helping us build applications & systems that will scale the company and make the world more open and connected. The Program is designed to offer experienced engineers a one year rotation through different Facebook engineering departments to develop engineering skills and gain meaningful experience for the rest of their career. At the end of the term, successful participants will be invited to apply for a full time position at the company. Facebook is committed to increasing the diversity of representation among our Computer Scientists and Software Engineers. We build products to connect the world, and this means we need teams that understand and reflect a broad range of experiences, backgrounds, identities, abilities and many other characteristics. The rotational engineering program is open to all qualified candidates. We strongly encourage candidates who are members of historically underrepresented groups and have non traditional career paths to apply, including, but not limited to candidates from non tech industries, candidates without Computer Science degrees who are self taught, candidates starting second careers, re entering the workforce, and those who have attended bootcamp style programming courses. Full stack product/systems development with a variety of languages such as C++, Java, PHP, JavaScript, etc. Work closely with product management and UX design teams to define and refine feature specifications. Design and develop front end interfaces, underlying APIs, and backend systems across a number of programming languages with focus on JavaScript, React and PHP (Hack). Learn, learn and learn. 2+ years experience building software solutions in a corporate or start up engineering environment, or equivalent, using JavaScript, PHP, Python, Ruby, C++ and/or Java. 2+ years experience developing web applications. Bachelors degree in Computer Science/Math/Engineering, or equivalent educational experience. Working knowledge of relational and non relational databases and SQL. Working knowledge of API design and distributed backend systems. 2+ years experience developing multi tiered web apps. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local lawFacebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations ext@fbcom. C# Software Engineer at Belvedere Trading Belvedere Trading is looking for a Software Engineer with the experience to work on an entrepreneurial team building high performance automated trading systems. As a Software Engineer on this team, you will help establish technical standards and be a significant contributor to the technical architecture and engineering practices. You will have the opportunity to work alongside and collaborate with Traders, Quants, and Software Engineers to tackle challenges in programming, technology, trading, mathematics, and finance by building high quality, architecturally sound systems that are aligned with our business goals. We are looking for someone who will be able to solve difficult various technical problems in a fast paced and energetic environment. What you'll do Propose and deliver scalability and performance enhancements to our GUIs Create and optimize scalable, multi tiered applications, and infrastructure Implement quantitative, algorithmic trading logic for a variety of asset classes Lead and design extensible trading applications, write code, and deploy successful enterprise level applications Improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our development process and reduce operational risk Influence teams by sharing your ideas to increase productivity and effectiveness Work with team members to develop and deliver scalable and highly available software systems Maintain, support, and troubleshoot critical trading applications Encourage the use of best practices throughout the development process What you'll need 2 5 years of relevant software development experience with C# Excellent design, debugging, and problem solving skills Apply and hold high quality standards for code and design Well versed in all areas of delivering technical solutions Ability to take full ownership (design, implement, test, deploy, maintain) of projects Show ownership through entrepreneurial spirit Ability to work in a collaborative team used to minimal supervision and oversight and ensure accountability for deliverables and outcomes Insatiable appetite to learn and natural love to code and create Interests in user interface technologies and UX Options trading industry experience a plus Who we are Belvedere Trading is a leading proprietary trading firm proudly headquartered in downtown Chicago. Our traders work hard to provide liquidity to the market through their market making activities and are the masters of a diverse set of commodities, interest rates, exchange traded funds (ETF), and equity index options. This wouldn't be possible without the dedicated efforts of our technology teams who utilize and perfect our innovative technology solutions. Not sure what this means? No sweat. Our in house learning and development team, Belvedere Trading University (BTU), will teach you everything you need to know. Core Values The secret to our award winning culture is our Core Values: Team Belvedere, Me In Team, Own It, Iterative Innovation, and Passionate Discourse. We live and breathe these values every day. Our Stance Belvedere is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to providing a non discriminatory employment environment for its employees. Discrimination against employees and applicants due to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, military, and veteran status is prohibited. Belvedere encourages initiatives to increase diversity and provide equal opportunity to all applicants and employees. Belvedere is committed to providing a positive environment in which team members are treated with respect, dignity, and courtesy. Our firm believes in a dynamic culture of inclusion and diversity, where people thrive on individual and organizational characteristics, values, experiences, and backgrounds. Please note that Belvedere Trading does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Any unsolicited resumes will become the property of Team Belvedere. No phone calls, please. Job Status: Full Time Sponsorship: Not available for this position Work Schedule: Regular and reliable on site attendance during business hours with the ability to be on site before the start of business on occasion Amount of Travel Required: None Through our efforts to provide a safe environment for you and our team members, all interviews for this position will be conducted virtually via phone or video. We will continue to actively hire and onboard new team members virtually through the remainder of the year unless otherwise noted. Any questions regarding the virtual recruiting process, please reach out to recruiting@belvederetradingcom. Business Unit: Department and Position Overview FreeWheel helps the television industry generate revenue from their premium content through a robust technology platform, which enables consumers to watch entertainment on any devices from PC, mobile, set top box to traditional TV. FreeWheel’s New York based Engineering Team is part of a global engineering group that is building advanced and high quality applications, servers and tools to manage million dollar orders, handle billions of daily requests, and process terabytes of raw daily data. The New York based Algorithm and Machine Learning Engineering Team focuses on solving advanced optimization problems to help the advertisers generate the best advertising plans to achieve the KPIs, and to help the inventory owners to maximize the yield. The team performs prototyping, as well as implementation and production maintenance of components heavily utilizing optimization algorithms and statistical modeling. Job Description The position will be involved in a project to enhance the optimization performance of a product which optimizes the yield of the inventory. The intern will be expected to perform data analysis, propose and implement algorithmic or code implementation improvements under the mentorship of a senior member on the team. Intern Roles & ResponsibilitiesLearn and understand core business use cases and architecture of the systemGather data and perform data analysis under the mentorship of a senior memberPropose new improvements and write design documentation under the mentorship of a senior memberImplement improvements in code and provide sufficient testing coverage of the improvement under the mentorship of a senior memberCommunicate and discuss ideas with team members and product managersPresent the work to a broad engineering audienceParticipate in team meetings, sharings and other activitiesRegular, consistent and punctual attendanceOther duties and responsibilities as assigned. Preferred Skills and Qualifications:Fluent in PythonBasic understanding of optimization algorithms or machine learning is required. Experience in Git and Jenkins is preferredExperience in AWS cloud technologies, Kubernetes and Docker is preferredGood communication skills and can work within a global team environmentWillingness to learn and work in a fast paced environment. Strong interest in the telecommunications, cable and media industries. Ability to work on a team. Authorized to work in the United States of America. Job Specification: Education Level – University degree candidates of Bachelor, Master or PhD Field of Study – Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or related fields Years of Experience – Classroom Employees at all levels are expected to: Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job Own the customer experience think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services Know your stuff be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences Win as a team make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas Be an active part of the Net Promoter System a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers Drive results and growthRespect and promote inclusion and diversityDo what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer Description: SpinCar is one of the fastest growing automotive software companies in the United States and is the industry’s most advanced digital merchandising platform. To date, more than 400 million virtual WalkArounds have been experienced by car shoppers across 15 countries. New hires joining SpinCar become part of a dynamic, high growth company whose headcount has doubled each of the last 4 years. This is an entry level position ideal for a candidate with solid front end programming skills. Key Areas of Responsibility Write and debug code to integrate SpinCar's software on customer websites Troubleshoot and resolve bugs in back end, front end, and database code Work closely with a talented team of web and mobile software engineers Key Qualities Strong work ethic and a goal oriented and results driven approach Ability to collaborate with others and build strong relationships with customers, co workers and partners Exhibit integrity and ability to follow through on commitments and deadlines . Requirements: Hands on experience with JavaScript, jQuery and CSS Knowledge of front end debugging with browser developer tools Basic familiarity with Python Comfortable with the Linux command line and Git At least one prior full time position or internship as a software engineer or programmer SpinCar is a proud equal opportunity employer. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, education, political affiliation, veteran status or genetic info. We are looking for engineers who are excited to polish their craft in a fast paced environment. You will work on building important features and enhancements to our product, with a strong focus on intuitive user interfaces and efficient workflows. You will work closely with the CTO and senior engineers as Torch places a strong emphasis on training and mentorshipWe expect that most successful candidates will have:1+ year of experience in a professional engineering environmentComfort with HTML, CSS, Javascript, and a frontend framework such as React or VueA strong interest in building impactful, user facing productsSome familiarity with a web server framework like Express, Flask, or RailsA positive attitude and willingness to learnExtra credit if you’ve ever:Studied or worked professionally in visual or user experience designWorked in the healthcare industry, especially in a start up office environmentOur stack:Frontend: React, Typescript, ReduxBackend: Python 3, Flask, Postgres, Redis, Celery, RabbitMQInfrastructure: AWS, AnsibleJob Type: Full timePay: $100,00000 $140,00000 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offParental leaveVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:Software Development: 1 year (Required)Location:New York, NY (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID 19 Every day, journalists at The New York Times report more than 200 stories from dozens of countries around the world on topics ranging from major international events to the best way to roast a chicken. Those stories are read, listened to, and watched by more than 100 million digital readers each month across our web and mobile products. All engineers at The New York Times take great pride in building products that live up to the quality and reputation of our journalism. We are looking for backend engineers on a variety of teams to join our organization in impactful, hands on roles. We value transparency and openness, diversity, learning, community, and continuous improvement. Check out some of our Times Open blog posts, written by engineers and other technical team members: on working remotely , on developing your career , and working with next gen technology . Follow us @nytdevs on Twitter to see what we’re up to and come be a part of the digital revolution of a 168 year old institution with a “ mission worth believing in .” You will : Contribute to technical discussions to gather requirements and develop product features or solutions while maintaining standard methodologies Research and document proposed solutions Build, maintain, and debug server side applications and tooling Write unit and integration tests Develop processes for automating, testing, and deploying your work Collaborate with Project Management and Product Management and other professionals within your team and across the organization Contribute to our mission of reaching 10+ million paid subscriptions by 2025 For this role, you should: Have empathy for existing solutions and issues Have pride in your work Be able to work in a collegial environment with peers from diverse backgrounds and skills Be a committed bug hunter Enjoy commenting your code You should apply if you: Have programming and syntax knowledge in Go, Python, Java (7+), Scala, or other similar backend programming languages Understand data modeling in both SQL based and NoSQL database systems Understand version control using Git and Githubcom And you have experience or interest in learning: System design and architecture, with an emphasis on building for scale Docker/Kubernetes Public cloud platform services: Amazon Web Services (AWS) or Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery techniques and tooling Multi tier application architecture & concepts of networking, load balancing, monitoring and *nix OS Some of the teams hiring are: Publishing The ideal browser based interface for ensuring creative collaboration in reporting, conceiving, editing and publishing content of the future doesn’t yet exist. We’re making it, and we’re looking for people to join us. Delivery Engineering Join the team that builds developer tools to empower engineering teams to deliver applications faster The Subscription Platform Group Subscription Platforms works on our e commerce platforms, anything related to subscriptions, billing and payments for our digital and home delivery subscribers. Data Engineering We focus on the software engineering related to data replication, storage, centralized computation, and data API’s. We provide customers and partners with data tools, shared frameworks, and data services. We support key business goals like growing our digital subscriber base, understanding how our customers use our products, and retaining our print subscribers. Content Delivery API The Content Delivery API team radically improves the pace of feature development by providing an API Gateway (GraphQL) to consumer products at The Times. Reader Engagement This team supports two newsroom systems critical for breaking news alerts and reader engagement. We are creating new interfaces for editors to send alerts and push notifications to millions of devices and we support all newsroom generated newsletters which are key tools in reaching new users and bringing top notch personalized content to readers. Join our team in pushing forward the launch of new systems and experiences! Machine Learning Engineering The Times uses machine learning to power products and features such as content recommendations, personalization, subscription targeting and even tools for our newsroom. Join a small but growing engineering team which is building infrastructure and services to enable machine learning across New York Times products. This role may require limited on call hours. An on call schedule will be determined when you join, taking into account team size and other variables. On call hours are unpaid, unless informed otherwise by your manager. Culture We’ve won more Pulitzer Prizes than any other organization (including three in 2018), and you will help power, distribute and expand what is possible for our award winning journalism. We believe diversity fuels innovation and creativity , and we have a variety of employee groups dedicated to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment. We are a New York based engineering organization with a remote friendly workplace that includes engineers around the world. We are committed to career development and have a formal mentoring program. We encourage our engineers to participate in conferences and we frequently host talks by industry leaders. Recently , we’ve had Sheryl Sandberg, Melinda Gates and Ta Nehisi Coates. Every person within the tech organization is expected to spend five full days focusing on learning. We have a generous tuition reimbursement program and you can use this time on career relevant activities like attending formal classes, internal company training, online training, a self developed learning program and have the opportunity to teach others. We run a Maker Week event twice a year, where Design, Product, Project, Marketing and Technology come together to work on compelling, creative , multi functional projects. #LI AM1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. TF Cornerstone has been in the residential, commercial and retail property business for over 50 years, with extensive expertise and unsurpassed success in the New York City areaAs a software engineer in the office of the CTO,you will help drive the digital transformation of one of New York’s leading real estate companies. You will work across business units to unlock efficiency, reveal business critical data and insights, and develop the new technical foundations of the companySome examples of work we’ve done:· Build a client side MVC framework in React /Redux to drive all our front ends· Develop a customized workflow framework to digitize, track, and make efficient work in multiple departments, including accounting, leasing, residential, commercial management· Integrate e mail, single sign on, and building entry systems so employees and guests can enter authorized doors with a touchof a finger or a click of a button· Developed Tableau dashboards from Post gres,backed up by S3 data lake and Apache Airflow data pipeline to integrate internal systems, 3rd party apps, and ERP systemSkills we need:· Proven drive and ability to write clean code,learn on the fly, and staying up to date with tech· Ability to navigate legacy code bases;refactoring, applying design patterns, best practices· Multiple projects of experience with LAMP stack or similar technologies· Deep knowledge of web application fundamentals(HTTP, APIs, MVC, HTML / CSS /Javascript)· Experience learning from, teaching, and communicating both with software engineers and non technical usersPreferred:· 2+ years of experience· Experience with UI / UX, including prototyping,wireframing, eliciting user requirements· Experience with site reliability engineering,telemetry, logging· Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science· Startup experienceJob Type: Full timePay: $100,00000 $110,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) MatchingDental InsuranceDisability InsuranceEmployee Assistance ProgramFlexible ScheduleFlexible Spending AccountHealth InsuranceLife InsurancePaid Time OffParental LeaveReferral ProgramTuition ReimbursementVision InsuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:relevant: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:tfccomSchedule::Monday to FridayWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 Duties: Develop new Java, Python code to improve the code quality and make Two Sigma internal services more efficient and robust. Write code in Golang for new Kubernetes (the platform orchestration service at Two Sigma) offerings. Conduct in depth code reviews for other engineers. Analyze existing services to develop Service Level Indicators (SLIs) and Service Level Objectives (SLOs) so other developers have clear expectations of internal services. Instrument existing code with detailed metrics to be able to monitor for any unexpected behavior. Use other tools that do not instrument code to also monitor for unexpected behavior. Help users with getting started on Kubernetes – the platform orchestration software used at Two Sigma. Help users debug issues with deployments at Two Sigma. Minimum education required: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, or related field. Minimum experience required: 0Skills required: Must have demonstrated knowledge of how to develop large scale Java services. Must have demonstrated knowledge of how to develop large scale Python services. Must have demonstrated knowledge of how to work with operating systems in a professional or academic setting. Must have demonstrated knowledge of version control (git). Must have demonstrated knowledge of object oriented software. Must have demonstrated knowledge of how to write Application Programming Interfaces (APIs). Must also pass company’s required skills assessment. Employer will accept any amount of graduate coursework, graduate research experience or professional experience with the required skills. #LI DNI The New York Times is seeking a Back end Engineer to join the Games Platform team. In this role, you’ll report to the Engineering Manager, Games and join a cross functional team of engineers, designers, and product managers to build an API platform that helps to significantly expand The New York Times’ suite of unique and wonderful games. This is an opportunity to make a big impact in a growing team, and you’ll be part of an engineering organization that values transparency and openness, diversity, learning, community, and continuous improvement. Don't hesitate if you don't hit everything in this job description. If you’re a good human with related experience, we want to hear from you! Our tech stack We generally build APIs in Go, web applications in Nodejs, and front ends in React with accessible, semantic HTML and SCSS. We’re hosted almost entirely on Google Cloud Platform. You’ll be an ideal candidate if you: Have 4+ years in engineering, with a focus on back end development of APIs Have worked on a platform that is consumed by other developers Desire to be given problems to solve, as opposed to solutions to implement Have a track record of mentoring and helping to develop other engineers Love collaborating with other engineers as well as designers and product managers Have a growth mindset: you embrace challenges, learn from mistakes, and are always learning Freely give and graciously receive feedback Are excited about games, the Games team, and The New York Times Your day to day would include: Building highly available APIs in Go for a game platform that serves mobile and web games Designing software for maintainability and reuse that directly impacts users Writing tests at all levels of the testing pyramid: unit, integration, and end to end (e2e) TK Focusing on performance and scalability during software design and code construction Integrating with other systems at The New York Times and externally Data modeling in SQL databases Deploying using GAE and GKE About Games New York Times Games helps people bring fun, intelligent and rewarding play into their daily lives through an ever expanding slate of original games, classic puzzles and the iconic New York Times Crossword. The Games team is a subscription first business that focuses on building through user centered design. We work in tightly knit groups that include representatives from product and project management, development and design. Through iteration, testing, empathetic research and experimentation, our products constantly evolve, and we strive to provide an extraordinary experience for everyone who interacts with our games. #LI AM1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. Ramp is building the modern financial stack that enables companies to accelerate growth without compromising on their finances. We’re on a mission to uncover and eliminate waste before it can undermine our customer’s goals and make financial rigor easy by enabling real time visibility and understanding of every dollar spent. Ramp was founded by the same team who built, scaled, and sold Paribus to Capital One, enabling automated savings on online purchases and putting over $100 million back in consumers’ pockets every year. We are backed by Founders Fund, Coatue, and Box Group, and more than 50 founders of leading companies. About the Role We're looking for engineers to build beautiful and usable interfaces that solve problems for growing companies. Engineers on the front end team collaborate with designers, PMs, and other technical teams to execute in core product iteration as well as support business functions. Our ideal candidate has a deep understanding of Javascript, a passion for web performance, and can creatively come up with solutions to solve customer's needs. Our flavors of Javascript today include Typescript and React. What You’ll Do Build performant, beautiful, and usable interfaces that solve for growing businesses with complex needs Ship products and services in cross functional teams Work with sales and business teams to incorporate and productize customer feedback Help establish engineering process, tools, and systems that will allow us to scale the code base, productivity, and the team What You'll Need Minimum 3 years of relevant work experience Track record of shipping high quality products and features Proficiency in Javascript Empathy for the variety of customers we support An ability to think through customer requirements and come up with high impact ways to quickly solve their problems A knack for getting the visuals right Professional experience with one or more object oriented programming languages Nice to Haves BS (or higher) in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent technical experience Proficiency in React v16+ Familiarity with or desire to learn our tech stack which includes, but not limited to: Typescript, Flask, Elixir, AWS, RabbitMQ, PostgreSQL, Webflow Passion for, or curiosity to learn, financial technology Ramp Benefits 100% medical, dental & vision insurance coverage for you Partially covered for your dependents 401k (including employer match) Unlimited PTO WFH stipend to support your home office needs Monthly wellness stipend Annual education reimbursement Relocation support Overview: Our new Software Engineer will be responsible for all aspects of software development for the Capital Market business; including both internal application development and support of vendor software. The Software Engineer works under the application design guidelines provided by a Sr Software Engineer while making decision about application architecture and sofware design, as well as providing software development guidance to other developers on the team. He/She will also be responsible to the business users and analysts for delivering software that meets requirements, as well as for daily support and maintenance of production applications. Responsibilities: Designs and implements software solution for the front, middle, and back office; This includies Prism and Star platform, reporting framework, data warehouse, and third party software. Designs and implements robust application architecture that supports business needs. Improves efficiency and scalability of existing and future software components to deliver improvements in business process and customer satisfaction. Performs applicatoin support and maintenance. Works within an area of expertise but has the ability to work outside area of expertise. Provides guidelines to other software developers on the development team. Maintains knowledge of contemporary software technologies; appraises team of new technologies as they become available. Qualifications: Ability to design and architecture software solutions minimum of 5 years experience. Experience in building enterprise wide software solutions in multi technology environments and solid understanding of the impact of changes to the environments. Understanding of current recovery solutions and high availability architectures. Ability to articulate points and provide summaries and explanations of technical concepts verbally or in writing to management or other internal departments providing the backing details as needed. Solid experience and knowledge of financial industry systems architecture, and financial products within CM's business scope. Strong analytical skills for diagnosing and troubleshooting potential system issues. Dedication to diligent quality work. The Engineers working at Chainalysis build systems that detect fraud in real time. Chainalysis builds trust in blockchains between people, businesses, and governments. Our Blockchain Intelligence Platform powers our compliance and investigation software for the world's top institutions. The Data Networks team helps grow crypto by building trusted networks of transactions and people. A Software Engineer on the this team thrives on not just designing and implementing complex systems but also operating them. We measure our success by how well we enable our customers to fight crime and handle evolving compliance standards around the world. In one year you'll know you were successful if… You have successfully built cloud native data ingest and aggregation processes that intake gigabytes of data per day You've added features to our product suite that detect activities for market manipulation, fraud, behavioural patterning, and more You have helped the team to modernize our stack to a streaming architecture You have debugged production issues across multiple systems and microservices A background like this helps: You love to build systems that are elegant abstractions over crypto transactions You've designed and implemented cloud native micro services based distributed systems (or you've completed coursework that can help you get there) You take pride in seeing product ideas materialize to production You've used or studied JVM languages. We mostly use Java but also appreciate other languages. Cryptocurrencies interest you At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun. You belong here At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways we're ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Women's Day, Juneteenth, Harvey Milk Day, and International Migrant's Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gender/gender expression, age, religion, ability, experience, and more. We can't wait to meet you. Job Description: The Job: Join a new cross platform team of mobile and web engineers within our Content Experiences team, a new cross disciplinary team that also includes product, design and news roles. This team’s mission is to create new, engaging ways for audiences to experience the Wall Street Journal’s content. The Content Experiences team is part of a new initiative at WSJ to create teams that bring a variety of skill sets together to work on our most important objectives. How our audiences interact with and experience our content is one of the first, and this team will play a critical role in defining how we develop our experience. They will work closely with the Editorial Tools and CMS developers at the Journal so that new experiences are paired with tools our journalists can use to create content for new formats. The Content Experiences team sits with the Journal’s Digital Experience and Strategy unit, which is an incubator for changes and innovative product design and development. It consists of a handful of teams that specialize in everything from data science, to new formats, to reporting for young audiences to experimentation. The unit is integrated with the Journal’s broader product, design and engineering teams so that we are all rowing in the same direction and moving quickly. The unit works closely with the Journal’s editor in chief as well as the broader technology organization at Dow Jones. The Right Person: You are passionate about both user experience and story telling. You’ve thought about the ways the news industry is changing and have worked in product teams focused on delivering content experiences to your customers. You look for the opportunity to solve problems for both content creators and consumers. You strive to solve these problems in a scalable, reusable fashion. You want to lead the conversation around how journalists can introduce different formats and mediums, and how audiences are getting their news in new ways. You know that readers don’t care about what platform or tool they use to get their news and that it should be seamless to them. You are also highly focused as a front end engineer, with strong hands on web or native mobile experience. You can lead technical conversations, creating a strategic plan and leading that plan through execution. You will be a leader in coordination with the web and mobile platform teams in executing changes in our product experiences. We have an open workflow and governance around committing to our platforms, so that our objective based teams like storytelling can make changes directly to platforms. Extensive development experience is a must and a desire to learn new languages and operate across all platforms is helpful. You are someone who frequently takes the lead on important projects and are committed to working within thoughtful team processes. You’re looking for more than just another engineering job. You firmly believe in the public mission of journalism and its importance in our society. You want your work to have an impact. We’d like you to have: At least four years of Web or Mobile (iOS preferred) development experience Experience with React, SwiftUI and Nodejs, while not required, is a huge plus. Experience building user facing, scalable, highly performant websites or mobile applications. Familiarity with API design and cloud based infrastructure and deployments. Hands on experience with AWS is not required but a huge plus. Experience with the software development life cycle, especially Agile and Scrum If this describes you, then we’d love to talk to you! Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjonescom. Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: TECHNOLOGY PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT Job Category: IT Development Group About Us Since 1882, Dow Jones has been finding new ways to bring information to the world’s top business entities. Beginning as a niche news agency in an obscure Wall Street basement, Dow Jones has grown to be a worldwide news and information powerhouse, with prestigious brands including The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones Newswires, Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch and Financial News. This longevity and success is due to a relentless pursuit of accuracy, depth and innovation, enhanced by the wisdom of past experience and a solid grasp on the future ahead. More than its individual brands, Dow Jones is a modern gateway to intelligence, with innovative technology, advanced data feeds, integrated solutions, expert research, award winning journalism and customizable apps and delivery systems to bring the information that matters most to customers, when and where they need it, every day. If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view "Find Jobs Dow Jones." Thank you. Req ID: 18448 Job Type : W2 Experience : 2 yrs Location : New York,NY Posted Date : 23 Mar 2020 Description : We are looking for a candidate who has .Net Core development experience with strong understanding of with SSIS packages and MS SQL DBs. Responsibilities: Develop the project according to the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and work in a fast paced agile methodology, involving task completion, user stories, and iterations. Perform UAT Testing, Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Black Box Testing and data driven testing; Maintain Regression Suite and Execute Test cases using the In House tool provided by the client location. Work with Configuration Management, set up version policies, build schedule with GIT. Develop stored procedures using SQL and performed the N Unit testing and deploy the application. Create Data Access Layer using Entity Framework for accessing data from the Database using OOPS concepts. Work with Project Manager to design and develop automation Scripts, test cases and application testing. Write Automation Test Cases for the Application with C# and MVC, MVVM Design Patterns. Provide technical &amp; functional support to the users and analyze the issues, fix them. Work on Application support from QA to Production. Prepare and maintain the technical Design document and its revisions of the functionality, Code review with peers. Requirements: The minimum education requirements to perform the above job duties are a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical field. Experience in .Net Core and Solution Bash Script architecture are required. Strong understanding of with SSIS packages and MS SQL DBs. Good communication skills, including the ability to work independently. Software Engineer We are looking for a strong technologist to join the Equity Core Technology team to design and build core libraries in Java. You will play a critical part in standardizing the technology stack, and evaluating new vendor and technologies while using modern agile based SDLC practices. The Equity Core Technology team collaborates with various partners across Equities Technology and other departments to drive efficiencies across the organization. As a Software Engineer you will work on building core common reusable components/libraries, standardize SDLC & other processes, research new technologies, leverage ML/AI based analytics, and performance engineering & benchmarking. Qualifications/Skills Required: Proven track record with Java programming in a Linux environment Experience in designing API interfaces and building Java based libraries/frameworks Good understanding of C/C++ code Experience in low latency programming is a plus Experience in programming with Java web stack is a plus Must be passionate about learning and experimenting with new technologies Ability to work in a fast paced collaborative team environment Self starter and must have strong problem solving skills Strong computer science skills About CharterUP CharterUP aims to be the leading charter bus platform in the world and is looking for people that want to be along for the ride! We are disrupting the highly fragmented bus industry by connecting supply side bus companies to demand side clients (corporations, non profits, and governmental entities). We strive towards having as many enthusiastic customers as possible, which leads to increased group travel and a greener earth. About This Role We are looking to add a Junior Front End Software Engineer to the team. You will be working with top notch talent that includes both our internal team as well as some of the brightest contractors. No member is an island. At CharterUP you will be a part of a team with deep knowledge of all areas of software development. Our team embraces Agile methodologies and is quick to adapt. We use a wide range of languages and tools. Our latest products are finely crafted weblications that empower our users. We are passionate about user experience. And we are excited about showing up to code. You can expect to be challenged. You can expect your contributions to be accepted and appreciated. And you can expect your skills to become even sharper. Iron sharpens iron. We are looking for someone who understands software architecture, data modeling, and object oriented programming concepts. You must be a coder. We would love to see examples of interesting solutions you've created. Compensation $70,000 base salary Material equity award with standard vesting What You’ll Do Efficiently roll out technical features from concept to product Collaborate with a team to develop our next generation travel platform Develop tooling and processes to benefit and grow our team What You’ll Need Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar STEM degree from a top ranked institution Front end proficiency in Vue, React, or Angular Willingness to develop Back end expertise in Java Spring Boot or Hibernate Potential to quickly develop expertise in any part of our tech stack where you have limited experience Location Every new hire, regardless of location, will work remotely for at least the next few months until it is safe to return to the office nationwide. After the COVID situation passes, CharterUP prefers relocation to Atlanta. However, long term CharterUP is open to employees working remotely or from CharterUP's satellite offices in SF and NYC. Tech Team Application Process Candidate submits CharterUP online application Resumes encouraged to be at most one page in length Initial evaluation Candidate may be asked to submit a sample of their work or complete a quick hack Interviews Candidate to meet with various members of the dev team, including CTO, product leads, and senior engineers Candidate to meet with founder, head of recruiting, or other members of the executive team Testing Coding exercise General aptitude assessment Offer Background and reference checks prior to formal offer CharterUP Principles At CharterUP, we don’t compromise on quality. We hire smart, high energy, trustworthy people and keep them as motivated and happy as possible. Do that by adhering to our principles, which are: Customer First We always think about how our decisions will impact our clients; earning and keeping customer trust is our top priority We are not afraid of short term pain for long term customer benefit Create an Environment for Exceptional People We foster intellectual curiosity We identify top performers, mentor them, and empower them to achieve Every hire and promotion will have a higher standard Everyone is an Entrepreneur / Owner No team member is defined by their function or job title; no job is beneath anyone We do more with less; we are scrappy and inventive We think long term Relentlessly High Standards We don’t accept “that’s how it’s always been done”; we constantly innovate and question established routines to improve processes We actively push to be proved wrong and welcome different ideas; the best idea wins We don’t compromise on quality Clarity & Speed When in doubt, we act; we can always change course We focus on the key drivers of a process that will deliver the most results Mandate to Dissent & Commit We are confident in expressing our opinions; it is our obligation to express our disagreement Once we decide, we enthusiastically move together in the agreed upon direction Powered by JazzHR LuNFxBuB05 RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce's top tier financial services client is looking to build out a specialty within their external client facing development team. They are looking to bring on multiple SDET resources for this team. The position sits in Midtown Manhattan, NY and is being offered on a contract to hire basis. Can you picture yourself working for one of America's Ideal Employers ? Our client has received numerous awards and accolades due in part to their commitment to diversity, veterans, and fostering innovation. They've been named one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies of 2018 and are included in the Top 50 Most Innovative Companies named by Boston Consulting Group. With on site training and mentoring, they are committed to your professional development as well. REQUIREMENTS: Expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Advanced knowledge of architecture, design and business processes Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals Strong experience with Java Strong understanding of J2EE server technologies Strong experience with Spring Strong understanding of algorithms, OOP & SOA principles, design patterns, industry best practices Test driven development experience QA/Automation testing experience Participate in various design, backlog discussions Participate in test planning and execution activities Automation of regression test cases Continuously improvising on tests; Identify test gaps and come up with ways to bridge those gaps Performance and scale testing Experience of working in an Agile Development environment; Familiarity with development practices like Unit Testing, Test Driven Development Execute all levels of testing including but not limited to: System, Integration; Component Level Regression Applicants must be fully authorized to work in the US. without sponsorship Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. We’re looking for experienced Python engineers who would enjoy the challenge of designing and building applications to provide insights into a highly dynamic and expansive data set. Working with user generated content at scale poses some unique problems so we highly value creative technical minds that can imagine solutions and bring them to reality. Responsibilities: Designing and building scalable systems that can collect, store, retrieve and transform data coming from a variety of different sources including APIs, Postgres, Solr, S3 and Cassandra. Designing and implementing maintainable API’s that support our end user applications. Selecting appropriate data storage and retrieval methods and technologies. Designing data structures and optimizing queries that deal with millions of rows of data. Creating reusable and maintainable code, automated tests and clear documentation. Optimizing your code to run in a high performance real time environment that generates billions of events a day. Supporting the software and systems you write and deploy in our production environment. Collaborating across engineering, product and data teams to solve technical and business issues. About You: 5+ years experience building non trivial, data centric python applications and API’s in a Linux environment Experience designing and implementing scalable systems processing large amounts of data 2+ years building back end services and APIs in Django or Flask Thorough understanding of common internet networking technologies, including TCP, HTTP, DNS. Expertise working with RDBMS, including schema design, writing SQL for complex multi table queries and optimizing query performance Expertise in using Git and Git branching models You enjoy working as a part of a collaborative team and demonstrate an open mindset. Strong communication skills: able to clearly articulate, defend and document design decisions and work with a cross discipline team A love of problem solving and a sense of imagination About Extend: Extend is modernizing the $100 billion per year extended warranty and protection plan industry using cutting edge technology, and top notch customer service. With a $40M Series B round of funding, we are ready to continue to scale our organization. Our API first solution allows any merchant to offer extended warranties and protection plans, both online and offline, while also providing a merchant's end customers with a vastly improved and modern support experience that eliminates many of the issues customers face today with legacy underwriters. We are a venture backed startup based in downtown San Francisco (and since COVID began, fully remotely) that is led by founders who have previously had multiple successful exits. Extend is simplifying the technology stack for the extended warranty industry, in the same way that Stripe did for online payments and Affirm did for consumer point of sale financing. What You'll Do: Design and implement event driven systems with AWS Serverless technologies. Collaborate with members of the engineering, product and design teams to deliver enhancements compatible with the existing platform. Encourage innovation and foster an environment of continuous improvement. Identify areas to improve and scale our architecture and application design. Develop robust solutions to manage our data, APIs and other critical back end features What We Are Looking For: 3+ years of experience in software development primarily on the Backend Strong programming skills in JavaScript, preferably TypeScript Experience building distributed, highly available, scalable cloud based systems. Extensive knowledge around API development with HTTP, REST and JSON. Understanding of serverless environments. Great communicator. Explaining complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers is no problem for you. Excellent skills with data modeling and data management. Nice To Haves: Built event driven systems. Worked with AWS Lambda, DynamoDB, SQS, SNS, API Gateway and other cloud services. Designed systems around microservice architecture patterns. Loves test driven development. Life at Extend: Working with a great team from diverse backgrounds in a collaborative and supportive environment Competitive salary based on experience, with full medical and dental benefits Stock in an early stage startup growing quickly Flexible vacation policy Monthly team events outside the office Office located near BART and public transit. Note: we are all working remotely until it is safe to return to the office. Software Engineering & Technology University Program (SE.TU.P) The Software Engineering & Technology University Program (SE.TU.P) is a pipeline to recruit, develop, and retain high potential entry level technology professionals who are prepared and positioned to contribute to the successful execution of BNY Mellon’s technology strategy and initiatives. The 2021 SE.TU.P program will begin in Winter 2021 and Summer 2021. Program At A Glance: Assignments across various job functions within Technology* that combine learning with skill development through practical work and projects; Extensive training curriculum and ongoing learning assignments that will help develop technical, professional, interpersonal and leadership skills; and Career development and networking support from a host of corporate leaders including executive mentors, peer mentors, business stakeholders and a dedicated program manager. Upon successful completion of the program and based on overall business need, SE.TU.P participants will be matched to a full time role, taking into account factors such as business requirements, analyst preferences, and overall performance throughout the program. Program Locations: US: Pittsburgh, PA *New York, NY *Jersey City, NJ Program Highlights: Small, selective program size that allows for more personal attention and support; Participants can further develop technical skills/expertise, enhance leadership abilities, build networks across the organization and accelerate their careers; Robust onboarding and training curriculum designed specifically for SE.TU.P participants; Visibility and exposure to senior leaders in small cohorts and/or one to one meetings; Full commitment from top level management to make our program the premier technology talent pipeline program within the financial services industry Developer Primary Responsibilities: Provides application software development services or technical support in relatively straightforward projects. Understands and follows the Software Development Life Cycle. Prepares and executes test plan and test data and records test results. According to standard procedures writes new programs, working with basic application system designs and specifications and utilizing standard procedures and techniques. May create database queries used to retrieve data from data warehouse and performs data calculations, consolidation, and summarization. May also work on front end development. Creates additional logic leveraging standard report writer functions or application coding. Formats report output according to standard procedures Designs and codes programs. Creates test transactions and runs tests to find errors and revise programs as necessary. Documents installation and operating procedures. Independently codes and then interfaces with senior level developers/architects to code, test and implement application program Proposes innovative, creative technology solutions Qualifications Program Eligibility/Qualifications: Bachelor's degree required. Candidate is typically a recent college hire with a bachelor's degree in computer science engineering or a related discipline. 0 3 years of experience in software development preferred. Previous technology internship is a plus BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans. Our ambition is to build the best global team – one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve – and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums. Primary Location: United States New York New York Internal Jobcode: 70722 Job: Information Technology Organization: Office of CIO HR18027 Requisition Number: 2007808 Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description Etsy is on the lookout for the next generation of technology leaders to take on projects that will impact millions of users globally. We have opportunities to join teams working on public facing features as well as dev tools and core infrastructure. You'll be helping us build new and awesome experiences for people buying and selling on Etsy. We're looking for full stack engineers you'll be dealing with the MySQL, Memcache, PHP, and front end stuff (HTML/CSS/JS). The teams working on each feature are pretty small (a few engineers, a designer, and a product manager), so there's a lot of meaningful collaboration. Because we're making user facing features, we believe strongly in collecting and analyzing numerical data to help guide our decisions. To that end, you'll be able to use our in house analytics tools to gather information and gain insights. You'll also be able to use Etsy's Continuous Deployment architecture to push code to production whenever you please (and you'll probably push on your first day here). About the Team The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, good software and systems designs are works of art, and that the work we do is part of larger creative culture represented by the hundreds of thousands of inspired creative entrepreneurs who make Etsy such a wondrous marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self motivated teams can do big things. We also believe in the right tool for the job, not language as religion. Our current systems run PHP, Java, Python, Ruby, Solr/Lucene, Postgres, MySQL, and more. Check out our Engineering blog: http://codeascraftetsy.com/ This is a paid internship that includes a generous housing stipend. Please include a note to the hiring manager to let us know why you are interested in the role with Etsy! Qualifications You’re tenacious, driven, and have a passion for learning. You love to collaborate and have meaningful interactions with everyone you meet. You enjoy the rush of taking a risk and the satisfaction of having an experiment work as you expected. You believe in the connective power of Etsy’s peer to peer marketplace, and want to create the code that will make it stronger. You will be successful in this role if you: Want to make a meaningful impact on the world around you Have excellent written and verbal communication skills Can be autonomous and self driven Get inspired on a daily basis, think of new ideas and like to share them with others Take pleasure in making things, momentum, chaos, vibrancy, spontaneity, debate and silence Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 286 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: At PayPal, we’re literally reinventing how the world pays and gets paid. We understand that it’s about people. We connect individuals to let them shop, get paid, donate and send money using today’s technology with the confidence that comes from the security and control PayPal enables. Are you ready to help us change the world? The world’s leading payments company, PayPal, brings together a family of brands that are revolutionizing the way people move money. At PayPal you will be immersed in an amazing community with a vibrant culture that thrives on innovation, collaboration, inclusion and wellness. Job Description: Software Engineer Interns at PayPal develop innovative solutions and high quality products that touch millions of people every day around the globe. Our engineers solve some of the most complex technical problems in the world of connected payments across all business units, including PayPal, Braintree, Venmo, Paydiant and others. We are looking for the highest levels of technical talent and programming skills, as well as a keen desire to deeply understand our products and services to push our technology forward with respect to functionality, performance, reliability, and scalability. You’ll work alongside the best and the brightest engineering talent in the industry. We have opportunities in a wide range of areas including development, design, search, platform, test, quality, big data, front end and back end. As a core participant of your team, you’ll estimate engineering efforts, design your changes, implement and test your changes, push to live, and triage production issues. You need to be dynamic, collaborative, and curious as we build new experiences, improve existing products, and develop distributed systems powering the world’s largest e commerce and payments websites at a scale only a few companies can match. Key Responsibilities: Code high volume and scalable software Create web applications using React/Node and other technologies Create back end services using Java, SQL, ReST Build and develop new user facing experiences Partner closely with cross functional teams in design, product and other business units Basic Requirements: Must be pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field from an accredited college or university Strong applied experience. You’ve built, broken, and rebuilt software applications. We’re looking for creative thinkers who also know how to create real world products Working knowledge of web technologies (such as HTTP, HTML/DOM, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX) will be beneficial Familiarity with Nodejs applications Familiarity with Java, C++ and/or Python Understanding around concepts like Web Services, SOA, REST APIs A constant desire to grow, learn, and explore new things Position Location: Varies We're a purpose driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Come help us build the Carta Investor Experience We’re looking for a talented engineer to join our team in the Investor Services business unit. The Company You’ll Join At Carta we create owners and make private markets liquid. We live in a world where some people live on the equity stack and enjoy exponential wealth growth and preferential tax treatment; others live on the debt stack and may work their entire lives for a company and retire only with the cash they’ve managed to save from their paychecks. Our contribution to solving the wealth inequality problem is moving people from the debt stack (payroll) to the equity stack. By making it as easy to issue equity to employees as it is to put them on payroll, we can create more owners. At Carta, we are helpful, transparent, fair, and kind. We are relentless executors, unconventional thinkers, and masters of our craft. To learn more, here is what one of our investors wrote about leading our Series The Team You’ll Work With The team you’ll join is the Enable team within Investor Services. We’re in charge of the first impression our customers have of Carta and setting them up for success down the road. It’s a big responsibility and we relish the challenge. It requires curiosity, grit, collaboration, and incisive thinking; and we’ve got those in spades. Our team nurtures open minded exploration and cares about outcomes over output. We measure success not by features shipped or lines of code written, but rather by the impact we drive for the business. We are Carson, Jeff, Ashley, Julian, Jess, Jun, Mallik, Leo. In our spare time, we’re working on setting up a live stream of Momo (Jess’s new cat, who makes frequent Zoom appearances). The Problems You’ll Solve Our Fund Admin business has grown really quickly, so this year we’ve taken on big projects to understand and standardize data for the customers we work with. We’re solving the problem of accurately modeling the world in our software. We believe this is the key to turning our service business into a product business. We’re really excited to start building on top of our new foundation the rest of this year. Some of the problems you’ll help us solve are: How do you untangle dependencies and design an extensible architecture that increases development velocity and reduces bugs? How do you model unstructured data and relationships in the venture capital ecosystem to help scale the business into new, more complex markets? How do you design a multi sided platform that fosters collaboration across many user types each with different goals and contexts? The Impact You’ll Have If we can solve these problems, we will be setting up our customers, our business, and our industry for long term success. Our customers will see accurate data, understand their accounts, and make better investment decisions. Our onboarding team will be able to spend their time delivering white glove service rather than doing manual data entry. Our business teams will be able to expand into new, more complex markets based on our foundational work. The final result of our efforts will be an accurate graph of the venture capital network. On top of this graph we will build the financial products of the future: instant investment funds, next gen banking products, and a stock exchange. Without this graph capital markets may stay stuck in the middle ages. About You You want to help solve problems that are big and meaty. You have a track record of solving problem in complex business domains. You have led the end to end execution of a product that drove business value. You have mentored more junior engineers. You like untangling messy balls of yarn and dig deep into the business, the users, the product, and the technology to seek understanding. You are an expert at driving clarity for ambiguous problems, and have been an active participant in defining roadmaps and specifications. You reflect and strive to master your craft. You measure yourself by the impact you drive for the business and for the company. You seek to serve our customers, our company, and our team. You like working with a team bound by a common purpose. We are generally targeting applicants who are at a “Senior” or “Staff” level. However, if you have domain expertise in accounting and/or finance and at least a few years of software development experience, we encourage you to apply. The Interview Process We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a positive interview experience for every candidate. If accommodations due to a disability or medical condition are needed, connect with us via email at recruiting@cartacom. As a company, we value fairness, helpfulness, transparency, leadership and build our teams around these values. Check out our careers page to get to know us better as you think about your next step at Carta. MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: ENGINEERING At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets. Engineering is at the critical center of our businesses. Our dynamic environment requires strategic thinking that is innovative and produces smart solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or relevant work experience in Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering or related technical discipline Excellent object oriented or functional analysis and design skills Knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and designing for performance Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to solve problems and apply analysis to make data driven decisions Comfortable multi tasking, managing multiple stakeholders and working as part of a global team Can apply an entrepreneurial approach and passion to problem solving and product development 1+ years of software development experience Knowledge in One Or More Of Programming in a complied language such as Java, or C++ or an interpreted language such as Python and experience with concurrency and memory management Responsive web development, with professional React/Angular/Redux experience and advanced JavaScript proficiency NoSQL databases such as MongoDb and Elastic Search Preferred Qualifications Knowledge or interest in trading technologies in the front office of a trading organization BS. or MS. Computer Science or Related field ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity About Us: LeagueApps is the operating system and community for youth and local sports leaders—providing them with the tools they need to manage and grow their organizations, and deliver amazing experiences to their members. A fast growing, venture backed company, we count professional leagues, teams, and athletes as our customers and partners, and reach millions of people every day through our best in class SaaS platform. Beyond our sports management software, which powers everything from registration to payments to communications, we are committed to creating conversation around the topics and trends that will shape our industry's future—injury prevention for youth players, the intersection of sport and technology, and equitable access for all those who wish to play About the role: To support our quickly growing team, we are seeking a Software Engineer to join our Product Engineering group to help build the features that power our sports management platform. You'll plan and execute software engineering projects, with a focus on estimate accuracy and quality of development for all platforms supported by LeagueApps. You'll work closely with Product Management, Design, and other business stakeholders to understand and translate product requirements into technical projects. You'll research, prototype, and evangelize new tools and technologies that will push our engineering team forward. You'll develop test cases for automated testing systems and assist in the QA Engineering process. You'll provide troubleshooting and escalated technical support for production features. Our stack: React Java Struts 2 & Spring MVC Hibernate MySQL GCP About you: You're excited about building great software You're curious and passionate You thrive in a collaborative environment You write clean, testable code with an eye towards maintainability You're smart, humble, and enjoy learning as much as teaching Perks! Equity Grants Health Benefits! Medical, Dental, and Vision Health coverage We'll pay for your sports leagues! Computer, Cell Phone, and Gym subsidies Culture and work environment that emphasizes teamwork, passion, learning, and fun Social impact opportunities through our FundPlay initiative that includes events, volunteering, and grant making LeagueApps is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. Software Engineer (Python) Equinox Fitness Clubs Overview OUR STORY We are a company with integrated luxury and lifestyle offerings centered on Movement, Nutrition and Regeneration. In addition to Equinox, our other brands, Blink, Pure Yoga, SoulCycle, Furthermore, Equinox Hotels, and Variis are all recognized for inspiring and motivating members and employees to maximize life. Within our portfolio of brands, we have more than 200 locations within every major city across the United States in addition to London, Toronto, & Vancouver. OUR CODE We are passionate about high performance living and we practice what we preach – investing time in our own health and fitness. We believe that everyone has untapped potential within them and it takes a disruptive approach to unleash it. We dream big and don’t settle for the status quo. We sweat the details. We never accept less than 110% to help each other deliver the Equinox experience and enable our members to get great results. We are obsessed with what’s new, what’s now, what’s next. Never following, always leading, living ahead of the moment in fashion, culture and consumer behavior. We aren’t just a company; we’re a community vested in each other’s success. We value humility and a team approach at every level of the company. If you are a high performing individual who is passionate about winning and inspiring others then we are excited to discuss career opportunities with you. Job Description Equinox is seeking Jr and Mid level Python Software Engineers to join our Technology organization. This is a hands on software engineering role working to build and maintain our cutting edge internal platforms as a backend engineer. The ideal candidate will bring a proven track record of technical problem solving in the Web development field, a passion for Python, as well as direct experience developing RESTful APIs to support various web and mobile applications. Some example projects we are working on; a home grown Data platform, custom Dashboarding apps, a Backend API for our internal Employee Mobile app, as well as various python ETL packages to support HR and user provisioning needs across the entire enterprise. In this exciting role, you will work closely with Product Managers, Architects, QA testers, and other engineers within the broader Technology group on various Data, HR and Business applications. RESPONSIBILITIES Work closely with a team of software engineers to design, develop and support restful APIs Work closely with product managers to understand the requirements and produce design and code to shape the product Write clean, well documented code for a range of Business, Data, and HR products and services Contribute to technical architecture to enable scalable and extensible solutions Work within established coding standards and partner with peers on design, architectural, and peer reviews, test driven development, and automated workflows via CI/CD processes Ensure up to date documentation for systems, applications, and procedures Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field preferred 3+ years of software engineering experience 2+ years experience in software or data engineering experience in Python 2+ years level experience working with RESTful APIs, Flask a huge plus Strong understanding of AWS services, specifically EC2, RDS, SQS, SNS, S3, Lambda Strong understanding of modern caching tools like Redis, ElastiCache and or Memcache Experience with WSGI and web servers like Nginx, Gunicorn Understanding of authentication from a web perspective Understanding of Devops and modern CI/CD principles Understanding of various 3rd party Python. Eg, SQLalchemy, Selenium, Pandas A proven track record of practical problem solving and strong communication Knowledge of agile development practices We encourage you to share any personal technology projects you have worked on or are passionate about! Additional Information AS A MEMBER OF THE EQUINOX TEAM YOU WILL RECEIVE: We offer competitive salary, benefits and industry leading commission opportunities for club employees Complimentary Club membership 30 50% discounts on all Equinox products and services including Personal Training, Private Pilates, Spa and Café’ services and Shop items This job description is intended to describe the general requirements for the position. It is not a complete statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements. Other duties not listed here may be assigned as necessary to ensure the proper operations of the department. Equinox is an equal opportunity employer. For more information regarding our career opportunities, please visit one of our clubs or our website at https://careersequinox.com/ Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field Computer Science fundamentals in object oriented design Computer Science fundamentals in data structures Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++, Java, Javascript Hundreds of millions of customers. Billions of queries per year and dollars in revenue. The scale and impact of Amazon search is HUGE and we need smart and creative engineers to imagine and develop innovative cross device features to realize the future of product search worldwide. The Search Customer Experience team is responsible for worldwide customer facing search features on desktops, tablets, and mobile devices. Everything from the moment a customer clicks into the search box to when they view search results. We use data mining and usability data to develop new features and we test them through hundreds of A/B experiments a year as well as data mining and usability studies. This immense amount of data allows us to leverage machine learning to build smarter and more personalized experiences for our customers across a wide variety of categories, from instant video and Kindle books to apparel and electronics. On a day to day basis, you'll be part of a small, close knit team of engineers that are agile, data driven, and highly collaborative. You'll help analyze customer behavior, propose ideas and solutions during sprint planning with your team, implement big ideas, and then measure the results. Engineers on our team have proposed ideas that have impacted millions of customers and generated millions of dollars in revenue. Our team is responsible for architecting and building the platform that renders search result pages. We optimize for speed and developer productivtiy: 100s of engineers work on the platform and every millisecond counts. The platform we build directly impacts what features can or can't be built for customers. The team focuses on both the rendering and service layers of the architecture, trying to figure out the best way to organize and return data from upstream dependencies and how to render that data as quickly as possible. The work we do involves tackling a number of large scale architectural problems while collaborating with senior engineers across the organization. You should be a well rounded software engineer, with expertise in building large scale web applications and/or low latency services, optimized for performance. You should love challenges and working on large scale, customer facing projects. Candidates must be innovative, creative, flexible and self motivated, with the ability to design and write high performance, reliable, and maintainable code Successful candidates will have a strong background in an object oriented language such as Java and experience building large scale web applications Strong desire to improve our customer's search experience a must Experience with Scrum or Agile development a plus Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs Job Description A Bachelor’s or Higher Degree is the minimum entry required for the position SkillSet Total Experience Domain Job Post Date Job Expiry Date Job Description Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented designUnderstanding of the fundamentals of database technologies, including relational, noSQL and BigData Software Development Engineer Endemic Multichannel Advertising Sponsored Display Core Services Do you want to work in a greenfield project? Are you passionate in building low latency and highly scalable distributed services and APIs? Are you passionate about Data? Do you want to be part of huge opportunity in building world class Amazon Display Advertising business? We have a team that is making revolutionary leaps forward in this space are in need of Software Development Engineers. Come join us and be part of this revolution. Amazon is investing heavily in building a world class Advertising business where we run relevant display ads on key placements across our Retail website (eg. amazoncom), Retail Mobile Shopping Apps, Devices (eg. Kindle, Fire Tablet, Fire TV, Echo, etc), Third Party websites (eg. nytimescom) and Third Party Mobile Apps. The Multi Channel Advertising team is building the next generation of products and services that will fuel the future growth of Amazon’s ad solutions, by providing self service display advertising capabilities to 200K+ supplier brands (vendors and seller brands). This is a chance to be in on a huge opportunity as we put an Amazon twist into online advertising. The team forms the backbone of the Ad management technology stack by providing scalable and secure solutions to the cross cutting concerns that span across various ad programs. Our mission is to enable partner application teams to deliver high quality business offerings for our end customers at the speed and scale the business demands. Some of the solutions owned by the team include business process workflows framework, user account and permissions management, sales and delivery ad product catalog management with deep integrations into automated smart recommendations and forecasting systems. We rely on core AWS technologies such as RDS, DynamoDB, S3, SNS/SQS, Kinesis, EC2, Elasticsearch, Lambda’s, CloudWatch, etc., as well as several internal tools to continuously innovate and simplify on behalf of our customers managing their marketing campaigns across all advertising channels. We’re looking for highly motivated software engineers who are curious and eager to learn, no previous experience in advertising necessary. You’ll be working with a world class team designing and delivering highly scalable systems that will be used by internal and external customers to build, manage and serve beautiful, innovative and relevant ads. You’ll work with customers to scope, design, implement, test and launch new features. You enjoy innovation, simplifying complex problems and tackling tough challenges. Sounds like a good fit? Received a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer SciencePrevious technical internship(s)Experience with distributed, multi tiered systems, algorithms, and relational databasesAbility to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutionsAdept at handling ambiguous or undefined problems as well as ability to think abstractly Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age. Software Engineer 75628 Technology and Engineering USA New York, New York Nielsen Sports Software Development Engineer Java Nielsen Sports is the premier provider of analytics and insights within the growing sports industry, offering the most reliable source of independent and holistic market data in the industry and the most complete view of consumer trends and habits worldwide. Combining solutions from sponsorship effectiveness to fan data capabilities with Nielsen’s understanding of consumer behavior and media consumption means Nielsen Sports is uniquely positioned to help businesses maximize their commercial success. We are looking for a passionate engineer to help drive our effort for working on analyzing sports content on social media sites. Working closely with product and engineering teams, you will help drive and develop critical solutions for Nielsen clients that will help expand our footprint in the brand detection space. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop and maintain software components that ingest data from social networks Collaborate with peers on technical design, work estimation, and implementation of new features Create appropriate unit tests Perform code reviews as needed System troubleshooting and problem solving across the platform Suggest and implement best practices and architecture improvements Collaborate with technical program managers, product managers, and other engineers on feature definition and scoping QUALIFICATIONS: 3 5 years of development experience (Java preferred, but not required) BS or MS in a STEM field, or equivalent work experience Knowledge of DB technologies, (MySQL or equivalent) Elasticsearch or similar experience Familiarity with Web Services and network standards (eg. DNS, HTTP, REST, API Gateways, OAuth) Cloud based development experience (AWS is preferred) Experience with Kubernetes Experience with working with geographically dispersed teams Great communication skills #LI MF1 ABOUT NIELSEN As the arbiter of truth, Nielsen Global Media fuels the media industry with unbiased, reliable data about what people watch and listen to. To discover what’s true, we measure across all channels and platforms⁠—from podcasts to streaming TV to social media. And when companies and advertisers are armed with the truth, they have a deeper understanding of their audiences and can accelerate growth. Do you want to move the industry forward with Nielsen? Our people are the driving force. Your thoughts, ideas and expertise can propel us forward. Whether you have fresh thinking around maximizing a new technology or you see a gap in the market, we are here to listen and take action. Our team is made strong by a diversity of thoughts, experiences, skills, and backgrounds. You’ll enjoy working with smart, fun, curious colleagues, who are passionate about their work. Come be part of a team that motivates you to do your best work! Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Job Type: Regular Primary Location: New York,New York Secondary Locations: , , , Travel: No Software Engineer II – Back End PromoteIQ , Microsoft Advertising PromoteIQ provides intelligent vendor marketing solutions for the next generation of e commerce. Our platform helps retailers implement, automate, and scale their brand funded digital vendor marketing programs. We sit at the intersection of marketing and e commerce and have a singular mission of empowering retailers and brands to maximize their e commerce performance. We embody a strong startup culture that values diversity, collaboration and craftsmanship and above all else, results. Our bias towards execution balances critical thinking, root analysis and pragmatic problem solving. We expect a lot from one another and value our thoughtful and intellectually curious company culture. Microsoft Advertising PromoteIQ is headquartered in New York City and supports a global footprint of e commerce retailers and brands. The company was acquired by Microsoft in Aug, 2019 and continues to operate as an independent division within Microsoft Advertising. Learn more at https://wwwpromoteiq.com. This role is based in our SoHo/NYC office. Microsoft Advertising is a worldwide Sales, Marketing and Services organization on the cutting edge of the digital advertising industry. Microsoft Advertising offers a compelling portfolio of advertising products, innovative solutions and the opportunity to engage with some of the brightest minds in the digital industry. Microsoft Advertising is the destination for experienced, collaborative, and passionate digital advertising professionals seeking a rewarding career and lifestyle. Who We’re Looking For We are hiring a Software Engineer on our backend teams to help expand our growing suite of e commerce advertising products. Engineers on our team work together to build distributed services serving requests from around the world. Team projects include everything from implementing customer facing Services at scale to internal Services that support our business. This is an exciting opportunity to participate in the innovation and evolution of a large and rapidly changing industry, at a scale and pace very few other places can match. You will be part of a passionate and growing team who takes pride in their work, and cares about their colleagues. If you are someone who takes ownership of your projects and thrives in a dynamic environment, then let's chat! Our Culture: Microsoft Culture Responsibilities Design and implement new features and enhancements to our platform to meet our SLAs Ship high quality, well tested, secure, and maintainable code Participate in design discussions about new features and ensure that they integrate seamlessly with other pieces of the platform. Work collaboratively and communicate effectively with engineering and product teams. Work in greenfield / R&D projects and take joy in experimentation. Help achieve timely and high quality project delivery. Participate in an on call rotation. Qualifications BS/MS/PHD degree in Computer Science or related technical experience Strong theoretical fundamentals including, but not limited to: data structures, algorithms, time complexity and space complexity, lock free data structures, multi threaded architecture etc. 3+ years of professional experience designing and building software 3+ years of experience building microservices/distributed systems and applications 3+ years experience in an object oriented programming language [GoLang, Java, Python, NodeJS, C#, C++ etc.] Who you are: Highly energetic and proactive and a growth mindset Enjoy making sense of chaos and solving for cool problems Passionate about the latest developments in technology You are excited to innovate and understand the balance between trying something new and doing something tried. You ask thoughtful questions, aren't afraid to fail, and constantly seek to be better. A collaborative team player with the ability to shift gears quickly and who enjoys working with their colleagues Dependable and reliable with clear thinking and attention to detail #PromoteIQ #MicrosoftAdvertising Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. At Hopper, we’re on a mission to make booking travel faster, easier, and more transparent. We are leveraging the power that comes from combining massive amounts of data and machine learning to build the world’s fastest growing travel app one that enables our customers to save money and travel more. With over $235M CAD in funding from leading investors in both Canada and the US, Hopper is primed to continue its path toward becoming the go to way to book travel as the world continues its shift to mobile. Recognized as the fastest growing travel app by Forbes and one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company two years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 40 million times and has helped travelers plan over 100 million trips and counting. The app has received high praise in the form of mobile accolades such as the Webby Award for Best Travel App of 2019, the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016 and Apple’s App Store Best of 2015. Take off with us! THE ROLE As a Senior Mobile Software Developer, you will contribute to building a product that impacts millions of users. You will help drive the product direction, making sure we solve the right user problems and find new and innovative ways to delight our customers. You will collaborate with a team of talented developers, product managers, and data scientists to break down complex problems, and experiment with new ideas very quickly. You will also help design and evolve the mobile architecture to enable teams to run experiments and iterate very quickly. IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL: Work on new and innovative products designed to make travel easier to book and stress free Collaborate with a team of talented developers to develop innovative solutions to challenging, impactful technical problems Quickly prototype new ideas and run experiments to identify features that users love Create delightful user experiences in our app (iOS) Help evolve our mobile architecture to consistently improve development efficiency Influence the technical direction for the team Influence the strategic direction of the product A PERFECT CANDIDATE HAS: 4+ years professional experience in full stack or mobile development Thorough understanding of Swift and the iOS mobile API A proven ability to build prototypes and take a data driven approach to product development, testing and measuring new ideas very quickly Passion for technical leadership and mentoring BENEFITS Well funded and proven startup with large ambitions, competitive salary and stock options Dynamic and entrepreneurial team where pushing limits is everyday business 100% employer paid medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance plans Access to a 401k (US) or Retirement Savings Plan (Canada) A career at T. Rowe Price says you want to contribute and make a difference at a leading global investment management firm where success results from the dedication our associates have in building success for our clients. We are a growing organization of associates from diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We take a long term view on associates and their careers. Our associates do phenomenal work with purpose, and as a result, we provide growth opportunities through in person and online training, management development programs, and career development on the job. If you are seeking a meaningful work experience along with a workplace culture that thrives on teamwork, we invite you to explore the opportunity to join us. Engineers at T. Rowe Price are playing a key role in helping build the future of financial services, working hand in hand with business partners to create client experiences that are changing the way people invest. We’re looking for software engineers at all levels to join our Technology Development Center located in Union Square NYC. We want technologists with a fresh perspective who are passionate about solving complex business, data and technical challenges. You’ll work with smart, talented people across our business to create groundbreaking, next generation applications for n tier cloud architectures. You’ll be involved, hands on, through the entire development cycle. And you’ll redefine the way our traders, portfolio managers and analysts serve our clients. We will expect you to be agile / to lead / to think outside the box. In return, we’ll give you challenging work that has an impact / Opportunities to learn and grow / and a collaborative culture that encourages every member of our team to bring their point of view to the table—because that’s how we help our clients succeed. The TDC is working to develop the firm's next generation data distribution platform, with the aim to seamlessly deliver real time and on demand investments data to a global network of distributed trading and research platforms. We are employing new paradigms such as cloud computing, lightweight microservices, and distributed and non relational databases to deliver elastically scalable, globally distributed and highly resilient software services. Designs, develops, modifies, adapts and implements short and long term solutions to information technology needs through new and existing applications, systems, databases and applications infrastructure. Reviews and interprets system requirements and business processes. Codes, tests, debugs and implements software solutions. Requires in depth knowledge and expertise in their own job discipline and working knowledge of related disciplines Leads projects or work streams within broader projects Accountable for work of self and sometimes others, provides process and standards advice in area of specialty Works independently, receives minimal guidance Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience ROLE SUMMARY AND JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Craftsman like approach to building software; takes pride in engineering excellence and instills these values in others Demonstrable passion for technology (eg. personal projects, open source involvement) while using their problem solving capabilities to deliver solutions utilizing a top end engineering approach Focused on delivering value to the business with relentless efforts to improve process Exceptional technology skills; recognized by your peers as an expert in your domain A proponent of strong collaborative software engineering techniques and methods: agile development, continuous integration, code review or pairing, unit testing, refactoring and related approaches Strong analytical ability, true problem solvers High achiever who combines ambition with humility and is happy to let their performance do the talking Accountable for all parts of the software development lifecycle for their projects Contributes to the development of best practices within their group Leads code reviews and actively participates in providing feedback on others’ designs/code Accountable for technical debt in their own software At some levels, capable of leading a small team of developers for a specific project Takes control of complex or vague problems and steps through them in a rational way Makes tactical vs. strategic tradeoffs Flexible in his or her thinking; able to evolve a solution when additional information or ideas are presented Mentors junior members of the team Identifies when junior engineers need help and provides it in a positive way that promotes confidence. Proactively helps team members/make suggestions to improve practices. BUSINESS KNOWLEDGE Able to work directly with business stakeholders Decisions show a focus on current and future business priorities, together with fiscal responsibility Can articulate business needs and translate them into technology solutions REQUIREMENTS Professional Object Oriented development experience (Java preferred) Experience with automated delivery pipelines, agile delivery and test driven development In depth experience with server side frameworks such as Spring Boot and Tomcat In depth knowledge of software design patterns In depth RDBMS development experience (eg. SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL) Working knowledge of Spark, Redshift, Apache Ni Fi helpful Solid understanding of cloud native architectures (AWS, etc.) for containerized microservices Experience working in a dynamic, fast paced, Agile team environment Strong interpersonal skills; able to establish and maintain a close working relationship with quantitative researchers, traders and senior business leaders Confident communicator; able to argue a point concisely and deal positively with conflicting views Enthusiasm for learning & results oriented A solid understanding of financial markets and instruments is a plus Stays current with many best of breed technologies Shows a commitment to quality by implementing suitable software using unit/integration and acceptance testing at the time of feature development Debugs large components with limited assistance and assists other engineers with debugging At some levels, leads code reviews and actively participates in providing feedback on others’ designs/code Performs as an expert in one or more parts of the software lifecycle (eg., coding, testing, deployment). Oversees significant pieces of development within the development lifecycle Designs and develops practical APIs and abstractions. Owns technical debt in their own software T. Rowe Price is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity of thought, gender, and race. We believe our continued success depends upon the equal treatment of all associates and applicants for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, religion, creed, colour, national origin, sex, gender, age, mental or physical disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, citizenship status, military or veteran status, pregnancy, or any other classification protected by country, federal, state, or local law. Wyng is transforming the way brands market and sell online. Our mission is to help brands build honest, trusted and profitable relationships with their customers. Our platform enables brands to get to know individual customers better, in order to serve them more effectively and proactively. This is a unique opportunity to be part of a growing, innovative software company located in the heart of NYC’s Flatiron neighborhood. As a Software Engineer, you will join a fast paced, agile, and passionate product development team. As a startup, we are innovating everyday and you will too. We have been early adopters of many cutting edge technologies, such as ReactJS, Elasticsearch, Docker, AWS Kinesis and Lambda. You will never run out of learning opportunities. We build new applications in micro service architecture with scaling and reliability in mind. Some tools we are currently using include Python, JavaScript, MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Docker, AWS, and Datadog. Responsibilities: Build scalable web services and APIs using Flask (Python) and Nginx Build fully responsive web applications using ReactJS (JavaScript) Build database models (both in MySQL and MongoDB) that fit business needs Deliver working products that meet business requirements on time Are you a fit? You have 0 2 years of experience building web applications You have a bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent experience You love coding and never get tired of doing it You enjoy solving the hardest problems and never give up You are always eager to learn what you don’t yet know You are passionate about owning the product you build You are self motivated and know what drives you to deliver and learn You are comfortable with working on a fast paced team, and embrace new challenges Bonus Points Professional experience with Python and JavaScript Professional experience with Django or Flask Professional experience with ReactJS Professional experience with MongoDB Professional experience with AWS Professional experience with Docker Professional experience with Facebook, Instagram or Twitter APIs Why join us? We are fast paced and agile We expose people to challenges that make them thrilled We build products that are desired by a huge emerging market We build microservices that scale, using Python & Flask We build reusable UI with ReactJS and Redux, in JavaScript ES6 We are early adopters of latest technologies, such as MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Docker, AWS Kinesis, Lambda, ReactJS, and Redux To apply, send your resume to jobs@wyngcom Aidin is looking for software engineers who are passionate about delivering value and providing solutions that improve the lives of our users and empower our client communities. We want people who take pride in designing, building, and maintaining the products they deliver, and are constantly seeking to master the skills that make this possible and learn new ones in the process. At Aidin, you will touch on every aspect of our technology stack, and your opinions and decisions will directly affect our technical direction. We’re seeking engineers who have experience building and maintaining high quality Ruby on Rails applications and have excellent knowledge of Ruby, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, Unix, deployment, performance, debugging, refactoring, design patterns, and other programming practices and tools. Comparable programming languages and frameworks are regarded equivalently. Experience with front end frameworks and server side JavaScript is a plus. Knowledge of object oriented design (or functional programming) is also a huge plus. We honor diversity and encourage creative thought. We’re committed to building an environment that challenges you, but allows you to have fun in the process. If our goals align with how you’d like your career to grow, please feel free to send us an email with your resume or career summary/portfolio. A link to your GitHub profile, blog, or anything that you’ve built or that represents you would be a fantastic addition. Our mission is to help organizations, big and small, embrace the cloud native culture. We believe that cloud native organizations can better help their customers and improve their businessesWe are drastically improving the way engineers and developers work with Ambassador (https://wwwgetambassador.io), the leading Kubernetes native API Gateway built on Envoy Proxy. With thousands of users including Microsoft, PTC, Ticketmaster, and Cisco, the Ambassador OSS Slack channel boasts nearly 2000 members. What better way to spend your time than creating bleeding edge technology that is respected and beloved by the open source community?We’re looking for software engineers of ALL levels who can join the Ambassador development team to push our ambitious roadmap forwardResponsibilitiesDevelop and maintain core parts of AmbassadorBuild good mechanisms for external community contributionsWrite documentation, automated tests, timely pull request reviews, etcDiagnose root causing production related issues with other engineersRequirementsGolang, python or comparable programming languageInterest or experience in distributed systems, kubernetes, docker, service mesh, envoy proxy, or cachingRemote position but location specific to Montreal, Boston, Denver, Austin, New York or PortlandPlus: Experience working on a cloud software application or infrastructurePlus: Open source development, blogging, and speaking experienceDevelopers can change the world. Empowered developers can change the world fasterDatawire empowers developers to own the services they deliver. With service ownership, developers write, deploy, release, and run code all in a self service manner, enabling them to receive immediate feedback and creating an accelerating loop of experimentation and improvement. Our customers code, test, and ship services at blistering fast rates compared to their competitorsBuilt for Kubernetes managed environments, our flagship product, the Ambassador Edge Stack, goes beyond traditional API Gateways and Ingress Controllers with the advanced edge features needed to support developer self service. The ease of installation, breadth of services, and support for full cycle development have resulted in thousands of companies adopting Ambassador Edge Stack including Microsoft, PTC, Nvidia, and Ticketmaster. Our leadership team come from the likes of Rapid7, New Relic, SmartBear and Red Hat, to name a few. Headquartered in Boston, MA, Datawire has development locations around the world including Portland, Canada (Montreal), UK, Europe and IndiaJob Type: Full timePay: $85,16500 $169,37300 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offParental leaveVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Yes, always We are looking for outstanding intern engineers who are interested in the challenges of building high scale systems using current and robust technologies. Our ideal candidates are engineers who can apply Computer Science principles to solve challenging problems and expand Tapad's product offerings. We are a small, talented team of pragmatic, productive software engineers. We have created a culture of transparency and accountability, which minimizes bureaucracy to maximize developer freedom, autonomy, and creative development time. We are looking for interns who are creative and innovative thinkers. You will experience what it is like to be an engineer in a fun, technology first startup atmosphere. You will be paired with an engineering mentor for guidance and advice throughout the program. We are looking for candidates who meet some of the following qualifications: Studying to finish a BS, MS, or PhD. in a technical major Understanding of concurrent and parallel programming Knowledge of algorithms and data structures Bonus: SQL and functional programming experience, specifically Scala A day in the life as a Software Engineer Intern: Designing, implementing, and running big data pipelines that canvas over petabytes of data Contributing to real production projects that constitute Tapad's core offering Collaborate with your team of engineers, and contribute to product, account, and business development functions to create new products and features Technologies we use at Tapad: Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Scala, Cats, SBT, Play!, Akka, Spark, Python Kubernetes, BigTable, BigQuery TypeScript, Angular, Nodejs, Hapijs, Postgres, MySql In this role, you will be using (don't worry, we'll teach you): Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Scala, SBT, Play!, Akka Spark, Python, SQL, BigQuery Tapad Intern Perks: Gain valuable experience working in a cutting edge and data driven environment using state of the art technologies Dynamic and fast paced well established start up A designated mentor to help guide you through the 10 week internship program Ongoing training, which will include Scala School, access to Coursera, peer led professional development, and an abundance of resources to help guide you through your internship Catered lunches and unlimited in office snacks and beverages Leadership lunches sit with the CEO, CTO, and CPO, and ask them anything your heart desires Foosball, ping pong, diversity and inclusion group, book club, and tons of other extra curricular activities that will make you feel like part of the Tapad family Additional Perks if remote: Virtual game nights, diversity and inclusion group, book club, and other extra curricular activities that will make you feel like part of the Tapad family Leadership lunches over zoom. We'll deliver food to your doorstep! About Tapad: Founded in 2010, Tapad cracked the code on cross device marketing technology. Our groundbreaking, proprietary technology assimilates trillions of data points to find the relationship between smartphones, desktops, laptops, tablets, connected TVs, and gaming consoles. Ten years later, we are processing data at petabyte scale, with an engineering team that comprises roughly half of our entire organization. When you work with us, you matter, and your work matters. We use Scala, in combination with large scale data processing and open source technologies, to build our device graph. Across our engineering teams, we also use Scala, GCP, Spark, Kubernetes, Python, TypeScript, Angular, and anything else that helps us get the job done. We're open minded about new technologies, we're passionate about what we do, and we make time for everyone to learn and grow as the industry changes. Engineers at Tapad are approachable and ambitious people who think outside the box and solve big problems collaboratively. Are you up for the challenge? Tapad is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of age, sex, race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, disability, or any other legally protected status. Tapad does not accept resumes from unsolicited search firms nor recruiters. In no event shall fees be paid to any unsolicited search firms nor recruiters, regardless of whether the candidate is made an offer or accepts a placement at Tapad. All resumes received through any channels will be considered the sole property of Tapad. #LI DNP 2+ years of non internship professional software development experience Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 2+ years of non internship professional software development experience Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. Excited about the future of brand centric advertising and shopping on Amazon? Want to bring the best, emerging, and trending brands to customers, while driving strong value to brands as well as shoppers? The Amazon Stores product is becoming increasingly important and is at a strategic intersection between advertising and retail. We provide a compelling destination for brand advertising campaigns, and also enable stores to be organically discovered through the Amazon shopping journey. We empower brands to tell their story to prospective customers, to develop a direct relationship with the customer, while having end to end control over how they position themselves in terms of content and product selection. We operate sophisticated front end, API and big data technologies across all of Amazon, and we partner with teams across Amazon retail, advertisement, marketplace and core shopping. Millions of shoppers enjoy and interact with our products. Our small team is a startup minded, energetic and passionate group of engineers and PMs who care deeply about building amazing products that shoppers as well as brands love. We are lean, curious about new technologies, collaborative, agile, and very customer centric. As a Software engineer you would design business critical systems, write high quality code and mentor other junior engineers. You should have owned, designed and delivered multiple products. You have deep knowledge of Java/C++, Object oriented Design, Service Oriented Architecture and you are passionate about building scalable solutions and distributed systems. The ideal candidate will have a willingness to challenge the status quo and raise the bar on every service and feature we build. We are passionate about building scalable, well designed software services, and strive to constantly improve our technical foundation and user experience. You’ll have a direct, visible impact on your customers and will improve the Amazon advertiser and shopper experience. 5+ years of industry experience in software development Passion for building new products in a fast paced, team oriented environment. Solid coding practices including good design documentation, unit testing, peer code reviews, and a preference for agile processes and working methodology. Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, excellent written and oral communication skills. Strong sense of ownership, bias for action, urgency, and drive. Experience using Amazon Web Services (AWS) Unix environments (ie. Redhat, Ubuntu, Darwin, etc) Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. #sspa stores #sspajobs Discovery hires the very best and brightest talent who are enthusiastic and passionate to fulfill the company’s mission of empowering people to explore their world and satisfy their curiosity. In exchange for their talent and drive, employees are provided with an engaging, diverse workplace and the resources they need to learn, thrive and grow in their careers. Job Summary As television and media habits change, our mission remains true to the principles that founded Discovery – every day we seek to ignite people’s curiosity to engage, entertain and enlighten the world around them through amazing viewing experiences. The Direct to Consumer Group is a technology company within the Discovery brand. We are building a global streaming video platform (OTT), and a suite of applications to support all of our network’s brands globally. We are building modern container based micro services operated on AWS. Our platform covers everything from search, catalogue, video transcoding, personalization, to global subscriptions, and really much more. We build user experiences ranging from classic lean back viewing to interactive learning applications. We build for connected TVs, web, mobile phones, tablets, and consoles for a large footprint of Discovery owned networks (Discovery, Food Network, Golf TV, MotorTrend, Eurosport, Discovery Play, and many more) This is a growing, global engineering group crucial to Discovery’s future. We are hiring software development engineers to join our Advertising Technologies team. The ideal candidate: You have acquired subject matter expertise over one or more production software systems and demonstrated a pattern of shipping high quality feature changes in that or those system(s). You solve business problems with simple and straightforward solutions, applying appropriate technologies and software engineering best practices. You deliver high quality results the first time and improve code, documentation, and results with each iteration. Your team trusts your work. Responsibilities You are able to work autonomously to design and develop functional changes to existing software systems. You require little or no guidance by team members. You still actively seek input where appropriate and engage your team to inform and share what you are doingYou can collaborate with other engineers assisting on features another engineer designed or taking the lead on feature design yourself. Your software contributions are demonstrated to work in production, and your team trusts your decisions, designs, and codeYou are able to describe and defend your design and code decisions to other engineers, embrace constructive feedback, and adapt your approach to align with team and company standards and objectivesYou consistently demonstrated good software ownership practices (eg. code reviews, code comments, etc) in all of your contributions. Your code reviews are uneventful, you prepare documentation proactively, and you ensure proper monitoring for operational excellence in productionYou offer enhancements to best practices, document, design and architecture improvements, and as feedback through code reviews to other engineers without continuous prompting or recurring encouragement. Other engineers appreciate your feedbackYou can troubleshoot a production issue by reviewing source code, logs, operational metrics, stack trace etc to pinpoint a specific problem and then resolve it. Requirements 5+ years of experience developing BrightScript applicationsExperience developing custom tooling to augment BrightScript’s out of the box toolingExperience with CI/CDExperience with software engineering best practices (eg., unit testing, design patterns, building maintainable code, performance)Knowledgeable with 3rd party API consumption, both client and server sideMust have the legal right to work in the United States Discovery Communications, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Discovery is committed to being an employer of choice, not just a good place to work, but a great and inclusive place to work. To that end, we strive to recruit and maintain a workforce that meaningfully represents the diverse and culturally rich communities that we serve. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disabled status or, genetic information. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including but not limited to all local Fair Chance Ordinances. EEO is the Law Pay Transparency Policy Statement California Job Applicant Privacy Policy If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application process, please send an email request to HR@discoverycom. Job Title Software Engineer I Consumer Engineering Job Description I. Job Summary | Major goals and objectives. Meredith Corporation Inc. is seeking a capable, front end focused Software Engineer to join its Consumer Engineering team and help transform how we create and tell stories across our over 40 iconic brands, including People, AllRecipes, InStyle, Martha Stewart Living and Better Homes & Gardens. As a junior to mid level front end developer, you will collaborate with product owners, project managers, QA testers and other software engineers to create new, engaging and useful audience experiences. You’ll work closely with stakeholders to understand requirements, build prototypes, and deliver world class products and features. You are: A communicator: Whether written or oral, your communication skills are outstanding in any context. Your interactions with stakeholders and coworkers move business forward in a dynamic, exciting, entrepreneurial working environment. You are as good – maybe better – at listening as you are at talking and writing. A problem solver: You’re a results oriented multi tasker who runs toward a challenge. You’re able to work on multiple projects simultaneously and think independently. You are personally committed to completing a project with a conscientious attitude and good follow through. You see to it that all assignments are completed correctly and uphold department and company standards. Accountable: You are the greatest critic of what you deliver. You are proud of your work, and you stand by it. You are humbled but not defeated by failure and accept it as a critical part of learning. You are honest and never blame or project frustrations onto others. II. Essential Job Functions Weight % Accountabilities, Actions and Expected Measurable Results 50% Feature implementation: Work closely with product owners, project management and tech leadership to plan and create new digital products, site features and enhancements. 20% Maintenance: Investigate, troubleshoot, and implement fixes for bugs. 10% Architecture: Participate in technical design of new and expanding systems and infrastructure. 10% Review and testing: Review others’ code changes via pull requests, work closely with quality assurance engineers to facilitate manual feature testing, contribute to automated test coverage. 10% Requirements analysis: Consume nontechnical user stories, providing feedback when necessary, translating into technical documentation, and/or using as a basis for implementation. 100% III. Minimum Qualifications and Job Requirements | All must be met to be considered. Education: Bachelor’s degree Experience: 1 3 years of professional Web development experience Specific Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 1+ years of Javascript development, preferably with recent experience using ES6 1+ years of experience with CSS3/SASS and HTML5. Knowledge of mobile first, responsive Web site development Experience with NodeJS and the Express framework Experience with a templating language like Handlebars or Pug Comfort with modern js developer tools like npm and Webpack Familiarity with continuous integration and automation via tools like CircleCI and Jenkins Experience interacting with REST APIs Practical knowledge of a language other than Javawcript (PHP, Ruby, Python, etc.) Practical knowledge of Git, Github and version control Theoretical knowledge of Amazon Web Services Experience working within an agile methodology, using JIRA or similar management tools Ability to translate user stories into technical tasks Ability to estimate effort effectively Strong communication, analytical and problem solving skills % Travel Required (Approximate) : 0 It is the policy of Meredith to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Meredith will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Meredith participates in the federal E Verify program to confirm the identity and employment authorization of all newly hired employees. For further information about the E Verify program, please click here: http://wwwuscis.gov/e verify/employees #NMG# Job Summary: Disney Streaming Services (DSS) is looking for a Software Engineer to join the Core Services team. This role would be working within the Insights Engineering team. The Insights Engineering team’s mission is to build best in class tooling to not only support our customer support agents globally, but also provide internal staff vision into our subscriber behavior using core data and services. We provide valuable insights leveraging core data to better understand customer behavior, with the ultimate goal to improve our software and processes. If you enjoy streaming media, are interested in live sports and entertainment, or just want to join a fast growing team that plays an integral part of the revenue producing arm of a company, then our team is for you.. Technologies include Scala, AWS (SNS, Lambda, Dynamo, Elasticsearch), and React (typescript). Experience in these areas is preferred but not required. Qualifications: You have an excellent understanding of software development fundamentals, and you aren't dogmatic about technology choices. You have a strong grasp on object oriented programming and/or functional programming concepts. You preferably have working knowledge of Scala and/or React technologies. You preferably have knowledge/experience with AWS products and services (EC2, S3, Lambda, DyanmoDB, SQS, RDS, ElastiCache, CloudFront, etc.) or other cloud providers. Practical knowledge of relational and/or NoSQL DBs is highly desirable. Apply Now Bloomberg engineers develop impactful solutions to complex, real world problems. The software we write is utilized every day by leading business and finance experts worldwide. We roll out new software daily, which encourages our teams to work together on how to best design, build and deploy these systems. Our training program will teach you the ins and outs of our technology stack and how to be a successful software engineer in our high energy and fast paced environment. Training consists of lectures, labs and group projects. You'll become a pro on the Bloomberg Terminal and learn how we do database systems, network communication, real time data processing, and build UIs. After training, our engineers are prepared to hit the ground running with a strong network of new friends and colleagues. We'll trust you to: Take ownership of the full development cycle Partner with clients and other developers to design, build and roll out solutions that will optimize complex workflows Understand and efficiently manipulate large datasets Make quick, thoughtful decisions Be a collaborative member of your team Have a strong understanding of data structures and algorithms Be an excellent problem solver You'll need to have: BA, BS, MS, PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technology field Programming experience in C, C++, C#, Java or Python We'd love to see: Experience building software in internship or full time industry work, school, or other technical projects We are extremely proud of our diverse and open culture, and value diversity of thought and perspective in every form. If you have a degree outside of the above, but still have strong software development skills, then we can teach you the rest. We're looking for engineers who have a passion for writing reusable, performant solutions to complex problems, who can keep an open mind and adapt to an ever changing market landscape, who can collaborate and work effectively on small teams, and who want to develop software that impacts thousands of power users around the world. If this sounds like you, please apply below! Apply Now Cognizant Softvision seeks an intern with experience in software design, coding and debugging. The intern will gain exciting real world software engineering experience at a thriving company. We frequently work in small teams to solve problems, explore new technologies, and learn from one another. The ideal intern for this environment will be enthusiastic and collaborative. Responsibilities · Document and test new software applications · Assess new application ideas · Develop applications (coding, programming) · Test and release applications Requirements · Computer Science/Network Engineering, Engineering, or Mathematics major · Excellent analytical and mathematics skills · Ability to work in teams · Experience programming in Javascript, HTML, CSS, Reactjs Benefits · Practical experience with a wide variety of software engineering tasks · Collaborating hand in hand with skilled teams of software engineers · Shadowing, mentoring, and training opportunities with seasoned professionals · Opportunity to participate in networking events and company meetings · Flexible schedule for students · Compensation available Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Job Posting : Nov 12 2020 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq 100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the US., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at wwwcognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizantcom with your request and contact information. Job description Description About this role BlackRock Financial Management, Inc. seeks Associate, Software Engineer, Testing in New York, NY to partner with development teams to gather and understand the project requirements. Req’s: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering (any), or a related field and 2 years of experience in job offered or related occupation: designing and building advanced automated build, test, and release pipelines; building scalable testing frameworks to meet needs of wider development and testing groups; utilizing Java, Python, JavaScript, C, or C++; driving adoption of best practices for code coverage, testing, and maintainability; performing code refactoring, test driven development, software optimization, performance tuning, building tools, and testing frameworks; working with distributed architectures, web service APIs (REST, SOAP), microservices, AWS and container based development; performing continuous integration, continuous deployment and mocking technologies; developing applications with NoSQL (Cassandra) and relational databases; delivering software or solutions in a fast paced environment; and evaluating and integrating open source and third party APIs into the software lifecycle. Please apply directly by clicking on “Apply Online.” Our benefits To help you stay energized, engaged and inspired, we offer a wide range of benefits including a strong retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive healthcare, support for working parents and Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about. About BlackRock BlackRock's purpose is to help more and more people experience financial well being. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of September 30, 2020, the firm managed approximately $781 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit wwwblackrock.com/corporate | Twitter: @blackrock | LinkedIn: wwwlinkedin.com/company/blackrock. BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law. Job requisition # R202326 Ramp is building the modern financial stack that enables companies to accelerate growth without compromising on their finances. We’re on a mission to uncover and eliminate waste before it can undermine our customer’s goals and make financial rigor easy by enabling real time visibility and understanding of every dollar spent. Ramp was founded by the same team who built, scaled, and sold Paribus to Capital One, enabling automated savings on online purchases and putting over $100 million back in consumers’ pockets every year. We are backed by Founders Fund, Coatue, and Box Group, and more than 50 founders of leading companies. About the Role Ramp is, at its core, an engineering company, and is on a mission to build the best engineering team in NYC! We are looking for full stack and platform engineers who are excited to be part of our early story and help us build a diverse and vibrant tech community in the city. We hire engineers with a broad set of technical skills, who are highly cross functional, and eager to solve a wide range of engineering challenges. Our ideal candidate has a strong sense of ownership and enjoys owning projects from inception to scaling it in production. We value people who take pride in their work, and show an aptitude for learning quickly whether they’re familiar with our stack or not. As an early employee, you'll be working with a nimble team of committed and talented engineers and having a large, long term impact on technical design and engineering culture. What You'll Do Build performant and scalable platforms and services powering Ramp’s innovative products Contribute to Ramp’s financial products platform (Risk, Fraud, Treasury Management) and/or savings and web app platform (Savings Insights, Receipt Matching) Work closely with product and business teams to understand customer feedback in order to constantly improve our product Help establish and influence engineering process, tools, and systems that will allow us to scale the code base, productivity, and the team What You'll Need Minimum 5 years of relevant work experience Track record of shipping high quality products and features at scale Ability to turn business and product ideas into engineering solutions Desire to work in a fast paced environment, continuously grow, and master your craft Alignment with Ramp’s core values of enabling businesses to grow more by spending less Nice to Haves BS (or higher) in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent technical experience Familiarity with or desire to learn our tech stack which includes, but not limited to: Flask (Python), Elixir, AWS, RabbitMQ, PostgreSQL Passion for, or curiosity to learn, financial technology Ramp Benefits 100% medical, dental & vision insurance coverage for you Partially covered for your dependents 401k (including employer match) Unlimited PTO WFH stipend to support your home office needs Monthly wellness stipend Annual education reimbursement Relocation support Business Unit: Department and Position Overview FreeWheel, A Comcast Company, empowers all segments of The New TV Ecosystem. We power the technology, data enablement, and convergent marketplaces required to ensure buyers and sellers can transact across all screens, across all data types, and all sales channels, in order to ensure the ultimate goal – results for marketers. This team is part of a global engineering group building advanced and high quality solutions to process terabytes of raw set top box data on a state of the art big data platform and to make the data accessible in a secure and cost effective manner. Job Description We’re looking for an aspiring software engineer to join FreeWheel‘s New York Data Engineering Team which handles information for our cable tv advertising business lines—working in areas like customizing which versions of an advertisement will play in different households and calculating how many views an ad receives in particular demographic segments. Intern Roles & ResponsibilitiesHelp develop software to run on cloud native big data infrastructure built on AWS using cloud native services like. Lambda, Athena, and SparkWork in a collaborative manner with a smart, diverse New York based Data Engineering scaled agile (SAFe) team to rapidly deliver high quality solutionsRegular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) and overtime as necessaryOther duties and responsibilities as assigned. Preferred Skills and Qualifications:Exposure to SQL and database general conceptsExperience in a modern programming language such as Scala, Python, Golang, Java, or C/C++Good grasp of foundation computer science concepts like data structure selection and algorithm efficiencyAbility to communicate effectivelyKnowledge of Bash, Linux environments and utilities preferredWillingness to learn and work in a fast paced environment. Strong interest in the telecommunications, cable and media industries. Ability to work on a team. Authorized to work in the United States of America. Job Specification: Education Level – University Bachelor’s Degree or above Field of Study – Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or similar Years of Experience – Classroom Employees at all levels are expected to: Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job Own the customer experience think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services Know your stuff be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences Win as a team make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas Be an active part of the Net Promoter System a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers Drive results and growthRespect and promote inclusion and diversityDo what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer About Kustomer Kustomer is the omnichannel SaaS platform reimagining enterprise customer service to deliver standout experiences– not resolve tickets. Built with intelligent automation, Kustomer scales to meet the needs of any contact center and business by unifying data from multiple sources and enabling companies to deliver effortless, consistent and personalized service and support through a single timeline view. Today, Kustomer is the core platform of some of the leading customer service brands like Ring, Rent the Runway, Glossier, Away, Glovo, Slice and UNTUCKit. Headquartered in NYC, Kustomer was founded in 2015 by serial entrepreneurs Brad Birnbaum and Jeremy Suriel, raised over $1735M in venture funding, and is backed by leading VCs including: Tiger Global Management, Battery Ventures, Redpoint Ventures, Cisco Investments, Canaan Partners, Boldstart Ventures and Social Leverage. About the Role Does the idea of building and supporting a Single Page Application and its API's strike you as a good day job? We're looking for you. We are all about microservices, CI and CD. Our platform is clean, simple and massively scalable in the cloud using the latest tools like MongoDB, ElasticSearch, Docker and AWS. These are some of the ways we plan to succeed. You'll be responsible for: Producing modular, well tested, and documented code Developing and supporting a Single Page Application, Nodejs APIs, backend services and data stores Collaborating on ideas and thinking through problems with the engineering team Contributing to application architecture with an eye on scalability, performance, availability, and security Publishing, deploying, monitoring, and troubleshooting code throughout a CI/CD microservices based distributed application deployment pipeline Working closely with other developers and test engineers May involve handling sensitive personal data Your qualities: 2+ years experience You'll need deep JavaScript experience and a history of building performant Nodejs applications and get excited about utilizing ES6 features You have a passion for developing high quality, well tested code You're always refactoring your code to be cleaner and using build tools to optimize performance You have experience developing and debugging Nodejs applications in a large scale production environment You're familiar with unit testing, integration testing, and end to end testing and know when each is appropriate You have experience with Github and Agile Development You're knowledgeable in deploying to and monitoring applications in AWS or other cloud infrastructure Benefits Kustomer offers an array of benefits including competitive salaries, stock options, 100% healthcare coverage, 401K, commuter benefits, and a generous vacation policy. Diversity & Inclusion at Kustomer Kustomer is committed to bringing together individuals from different backgrounds and perspectives. We strive to create an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive, feel a sense of belonging, and do great work together. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer open to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, Veteran status, or any other legally protected status. Learn More About Kustomer: The Company You’ll Join We live in a world where some people live on the equity stack and enjoy exponential wealth growth and preferential tax treatment; others live on the debt stack and may work their entire lives for a company and retire only with the cash they’ve managed to save from their paychecks. Our contribution to solving the wealth inequality problem is moving people from the debt stack (payroll) to the equity stack. By making it as easy to issue equity to employees as it is to put them on payroll, we can create more owners. At Carta, we are helpful, transparent, fair, and kind. We are relentless executors, unconventional thinkers, and masters of our craft. To learn more, here is what one of our investors wrote about leading our Series F. The Team You’ll Work With Carta’s Corporations team is responsible for solving problems and building features for late stage private companies. You’ll play a crucial role in delivering reliable and scalable solutions that enable our largest and most valuable customers to grow on the Carta platform. We’re a team of learners and are passionate about solving problems that go beyond the obvious. You can expect to be pushed outside of your comfort zone while learning new technologies, and stretching your leadership skills. How we work Our team isn’t confined to one area, you’ll contribute to solving some of the biggest challenges Carta faces at any given moment. Our success is measured by impact. As a senior engineer on the Corporations business unit, you will be solving problems end to end. This begins with helping identify the problem, then formulating solutions, architecting, and finally implementation of the frontend and backend. Everyone on the team is an equal contributor with full ownership of the problems and deliverables. What you’ll contribute to: Architecting complex SaaS products end to end Partner with business stakeholders to solve meaningful problems for our largest customers Actively contribute to improving our development processes, providing mentorship to team members, and driving adoption of new technologies The Impact You’ll Have Our Enterprise team works closely with product and business to understand the highest priorities of our biggest customers. By understanding their challenges, improving the underlying infrastructure, and building solutions atop of them, our impact is far reaching and directly contributes to Carta’s growth. About You With 5+ years of full stack experience and strong systems fundamentals, you’re excited by the idea of working on projects end to end. Our stack is React, Python, and Django this experience is appreciated though not required. We need a strong communicator who is comfortable collaborating with stakeholders across the org to understand business requirements and build thoughtful solutions. If the idea of contributing to the design and development of complex SaaS products, and working on a highly collaborative, cross functional team excites you, let’s chat! We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a positive interview experience for every candidate. If accommodations due to a disability or medical condition are needed, connect with us via email at recruiting@cartacom. As a company, we value fairness, helpfulness, transparency, leadership and build our teams around these values. Check out our careers page to get to know us better as you think about your next step at Carta. Working as an engineer at Hudson River Trading (HRT) means working on a small, highly productive, and efficient team. At HRT, a fully automated trading firm based in NYC, the code you write *is* our business, so it is everyone's job, top to bottom, to make sure our core dev team has everything they need to do their jobs well. As an FPGA Software Engineer you will be working at the cutting edge of low latency trading, collaborating closely with strategy developers and hardware developers to build best in class trading systems. This is a role with many hats; you'll help conceptualize new kinds of trading, optimize low level code, design new APIs, deploy and monitor live trading systems, build tools and testing infrastructure, and plan physical networking layouts. Your job will be to help figure out what hardware to build, how to build it, and then how to seamlessly integrate it into the existing trading environment. The Skills: Excellent design, debugging, and problem solving skills. C++ expertise is required. Knowledge of UNIX operating systems (we use Linux), system/processor performance, and network communication. Previous exposure to Verilog and FPGAs preferred. The Profile: You possess a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. You are capable of working independently as well as part of a team. You can analyze and fix problems quickly. Can look at code, figure out how it works, and how to make it better. Can describe software designs at a high level (the abstract interface), low level (step by step algorithm), or anywhere in between. You really like to work with people who challenge you and make you better at what you do. In your spare time you: code, tinker, read, explore, break things, and have an insatiable curiosity for all things computer related. Culture Hudson River Trading (HRT) brings a scientific approach to trading financial products. We have built one of the world's most sophisticated computing environments for research and development. Our researchers are at the forefront of innovation in the world of algorithmic trading. At HRT we come from all sorts of backgrounds: mathematics, computer science, statistics, physics, and engineering. We're a community of self starters who are motivated by the excitement of being at the cutting edge of automated trading. Our culture celebrates great ideas whether they come from HRT veterans or new hires. At HRT we're friends and colleagues, whether we are sharing a meal, playing the latest board game, or writing elegant code. We embrace a culture of togetherness that extends far beyond the walls of our office. Seem like something you might be interested in? Our goal is to find the best people and bring them together to do great work in a place where everyone is valued. HRT is proud of our diverse staff; we have offices all over the globe and benefit from our varied and unique perspectives. HRT is an equal opportunity employer; so whoever you are, we'd love to get to know you. WHO WE ARE Braze delivers customer experiences across email, mobile, SMS, and web. Customers, including Seamless, HBO, Disney, Urban Outfitters, and Venmo, use the Braze platform to facilitate real time experiences between brands and consumers in a more authentic and human way. And we do it at scale – each month, tens of billions of messages are sent to a network of over 2 billion active users through Braze. Need more proof? Braze was named a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Mobile Marketing Platforms in 2019. The company has also been named on the Forbes Cloud 100, Inc. Magazine’s 2019 Best Places to Work, and Crain's 2019 Best Places to Work in NYC lists. WHAT YOU'LL DO You'll work with a team of skilled engineers and a dedicated mentor on real world product features (maybe even sold to customers while you're here!) on a wide range of sophisticated problems in everything from API and web design to systems engineering and data infrastructure. Summer 2021 internship. WHO YOU ARE Pursuing a degree in Computer Science, or equivalent Intellectually curious, passionate, and inventive WHAT WE OFFER Competitive compensation Free daily lunch in the office, including snacks and beverages Collaborative, transparent, and fun loving office culture If you are a California resident subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act, click here to understand how Braze processes your personal information and how you can exercise your rights. Two Sigma is a financial sciences company, combining data analysis, invention, and rigorous inquiry to help solve the toughest challenges in investment management, insurance technology, securities, private equity, and venture capital. Our team of scientists, technologists, and academics looks beyond the traditional to develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most complex economic problems. Technology drives our business — it's our main advantage — and software engineers play a pivotal role. Software engineers at Two Sigma focus on analysis, experimentation, design, and elegant implementation. They build the scalable tools the organization needs to explore data's possibilities and act on our findings – to mine the past and attempt to predict the future. As a Two Sigma engineer, you'll champion the rigorous, collaborative, scientific approach that allows us to meet business needs. You'll join a forward looking, future reaching organization to build software that will scale with the company. You'll have opportunities to learn from others and share your expertise. We attract engineers with a real passion for data. We seek individuals who want to build for today and invent for tomorrow. We value curiosity and insight, balanced with pragmatism and practicality. We recognize both the small steps, as well as the broad vision. As a student, you will be hired into a general Software Engineering role and matched to a specific team 2 3 months before you start. Depending on the Engineering area you join, you will take on the following responsibilities: Building the underlying infrastructure that virtually every other engineering team at Two Sigma uses, such as our distributed storage and public and private cloud environments. Ensuring the reliability of “mission critical” products and systems vital to Two Sigma, such as our main trading system. Using a suite of open source and proprietary tools to build the environments that test and deploy our quantitative strategies, also known as models. Building and maintaining the low latency, high performance infrastructure and systems responsible for executing trades. Building and scaling the infrastructure used to ingest data from 10,000+ sources daily. Partnering with our Corporate teams to develop tools, systems and products responsible for increasing productivity and efficiency across the organization. Wondering if this is the right role for you? You should possess the following qualifications: A Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD degree in a technical or quantitative field. Experience with Java, C, C++, Python, Ruby, Perl, or other languages that target the JVM. Experience in large scale systems. Exceptional programming skills. Strong analytical, organizational, and interpersonal skills. An obsession with building quality software. We are open minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology. While we analyze the data rich domain of finance, financial experience is not a requirement. Two Sigma employees enjoy the following benefits: Core Benefits: Fully paid medical and dental insurance premiums for employees and dependents, 401k match, employer paid life & disability insurance Perks: Onsite gyms with laundry service, wellness activities, casual dress, snacks, game rooms Learning: Tuition reimbursement, conference and training sponsorship Time Off: Generous vacation, sick days, and paid caregiver leaves We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics. About Datadog: We're on a mission to build the best platform in the world for engineers to understand and scale their systems, applications, and teams. We operate at high scale—trillions of data points per day—providing always on alerting, metrics visualization, logs, and application tracing for tens of thousands of companies. Our engineering culture values pragmatism, honesty, and simplicity to solve hard problems the right way. The team: We develop an optimized, low latency, high throughput, distributed application platform, capable of continuously ingesting petabytes of data while handling our customers’ search and analytics operations. We want to take our platform to the next level with the vision of making it the paved path solution for all live data querying and analytics problems. The opportunity: We are looking for an Engineer who is interested in distributed data stores, scalability, availability and cares about giving our customers the best platform for them to explore their data. You will: Build distributed, high throughput, event database Do it in modern C++ Own meaningful parts of our service, have an impact, grow with the company Requirements: You have a BS/MS/PhD in a scientific field or equivalent experience You have significant backend programming experience in C++ You are comfortable with low level implementation and systems programming (eg. network, mmap) You care about code simplicity and performance You choose your data structures carefully You want to work in a fast, high growth environment that respects its engineers and customers Bonus points: You've worked on databases, or maybe built your own You have a strong background in stats Equal Opportunity at Datadog: Datadog is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Your Privacy: For more information on how we maintain the privacy of the information you submit as part of your application, please refer to our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice. We are looking for a Backend Software Engineer to join our talented, dynamic, and rapidly growing global team. The position is based out of our London office situated in the heart of London’s tech community in Shoreditch. All employees have the option to work entirely or partially remote through June 2021Company DescriptionOpenAsset is the leading Digital Asset Management solution for the Architecture, Construction, Engineering and Real Estate industries. We help our customers be more productive in storing, finding, using and sharing their large volumes of digital assets and associated dataWe have over 600 clients and 15 years experience of delivering value. We are a smart, friendly and motivated group of individuals who are relentlessly focused on building great software, delighting our clients and finding new ones!Both our London and New York offices have very calm, fun, and welcoming environmentsPosition OverviewAs Backend Software Engineer, you will join our growing and talented engineering team that is split across our London and New York offices. Our team is fun, progressive and diligent, and candidates should fit right in!Our team is friendly, fun, down to earth, and very welcoming!ResponsibilitiesDesign and develop services that will support and add new functionality to our core product, OpenAssetTake a central role in the creation of software services from the design phase through to productionTake ownership of deployment, testing and integration pipelinesMaintain and build upon existing infrastructureAdopt and ensure industry best practices are followedHave a good awareness and understanding of new technologies and how they may be appliedShare knowledge and mentor junior members of the teamSkills and Experience3+ years of experience working with Python in a commercial environmentExperience in cloud infrastructure platforms (we use AWS)Experience using infrastructure as code tooling (Terraform preferred)Microservices architecture experienceCreating and maintaining APIsTest driven developmentContinuous Integration (GitHub actions, CircleCi)Databases; relational (PostgreSQL, MySQL) and non relational (DynamoDB)Confident with Git version control and code reviewsAre receptive to feedback and are always looking to learn and improveExcellent communication skills and comfortable in collaborative environmentsCuriosity and confidence to debate customer value and impactTechnologies we useAWSTerraformPythonGoDockerDatabases (PostgreSQL, MySQL and DynamoDB)CircleCIGithub (and Github actions)ElasticSearchGraphQLBenefitsCompetitive salary25 paid vacation days8 bank holidaysSSPBike storage/shower facilities in buildingPension programThis position is not eligible for visa sponsorshipAxomic Ltd. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We base our employment decisions entirely on business needs, job requirements, and qualifications—we do not discriminate based on race, gender, religion, health, parental status, personal beliefs, veteran status, age, or any other status. We have zero tolerance for any kind of discrimination, and we are looking for candidates who share those values. Applications from women and members of underrepresented minority groups are welcomedJob Type: Full timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offParental leaveReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID 19 considerations:All employees have the option to work entirely or partially remote through June 2021Work Location:One locationThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable more reliable than spontaneousDetail oriented would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAchievement oriented enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failAutonomous/Independent enjoys working with little directionInnovative prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityCompany's website:openassetcomWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID 19 114 5th Ave (22114), United States of America, New York, New York Master Software Engineer Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies to join our team. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Learn more about #lifeatcapitalone and our commitment to diversity & inclusion by jumping to slides 76 91 on our Corporate Social Responsibility Report. What You’ll Do: Lead a portfolio of diverse technology projects and a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems to create solutions that help meet regulatory needs for the company Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, mentoring other members of the engineering community, and from time to time, be asked to code or evaluate code Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment Work with cloud native stack, build on AWS, use technologies like Kubernetes and Serverless Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree At least 5 years of experience in software engineering At least 1 year experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or public cloud service Preferred Qualifications: Master's Degree 4+ years of experience in at least one of the following: Java, Scala, Python, Go, Javascript, Angularjs or Nodejs 4+ years of experience in open source frameworks 1+ years of people management experience 2+ years of experience in Agile practices At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position. Description As Seismic continues growing, we’ve added capabilities for marketing orchestration to help complete the life cycle of content creation and management. On this team, you will focus on building out backend solutions leveraging a variety of tools, so a polyglot mentality and ability to work across several languages will be key to success. With solid levels of autonomy and ownership, you leverage leading edge technology and cloud native architectures to drive new feature development. The Content Marketing Platform team is responsible for the core functionality of Seismic’s marketing orchestration product. As a member of this team, you will be maintaining a large diverse codebase as well as defining and building new features essential to the future of the core product. What you will do: Define technology strategy for building out new marketing orchestration features vital to the success of the product Work collaboratively with PMs to fulfill feature requirements and customer requests Experiment with new patterns and technologies to provide forward thinking direction for the engineering organization. Collaborate in service architecture discussions and promote adoption of best practices and uniformity in system design and programming patterns. Develop, improve, and maintain our monolith, and help refactor its components into micro services. What you bring to the team: 2+ years of industry working experience with Python. Experience with Django is a plus. Experience with SQL (Eg. MySQL & PostgresQL) and NoSQL technologies (eg. Redis). Experience with developing REST APIs. Experience with OAuth. Experience developing microservices is a plus. Experience with Golang is a plus What we have for you: Generous PTO, paid holidays, and paid sick leave Competitive Medical, Dental and Vision Plans Robust 401(k) fund options with company matching Catered meals, happy hours, healthy snacks, and coffee bar Seismic Cares volunteer program #OneSeismic culture that celebrates wins, encourages autonomy, ownership, and transparency About Us: Seismic, ranked as one of the best places to work by Inc. Magazine, is a rapidly growing Forbes Cloud 100 company and the market leader in sales enablement platforms. Seismic equips teams with the knowledge, messaging, and personalized content they need to engage with prospective buyers in the most effective and compelling manner during their buying journeys. Seismic has more than 700 customers across global, enterprise, and SMB segments, including IBM, American Express, PayPal, Rockwell Automation, and Quest Diagnostics and is helping these companies achieve higher win rates, larger deal sizes, and improved customer retention rates. With 14 offices around the world, Seismic has more than 800 employees. Our board of directors is comprised of industry luminaries, including John Thompson, chairman of the board for Microsoft. Republic is looking for a Frontend Software Engineer to play an integral part in building and scaling our investment platform. As a Frontend Engineer, you’ll collaborate closely with your colleagues in design and product to bring delightful designs and experiences to life. You’ll be vested with a substantial amount of responsibility and autonomy to make a huge impact on our technical direction, and our business as a whole. Our front end tech stack is ES6, React, SASS, and Webpack, alongside some legacy Backbone, CoffeeScript and HAML. We test with Jest and Enzyme. Our ideal candidate: 3+ years of experience Demonstrated ownership on projects working with React and ES6+ Architects efficient and reusable front end systems that drive complex web applications A careful and considered approach to balancing design, architecture, and code quality A passion for stepping into the shoes of our users to come up with high impact ways of quickly solving their problems A high bar for testing, quality assurance, and delivery If you do not meet all of the qualifications listed above, but feel you could add a valuable perspective to our organization, we’d love to hear from you. Republic is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Passionate about development in leading technologies? Looking to become a major player on a diverse team? Want to make a big impact on an engineer driven roadmap in your next career adventure? Koddi Engineers drive innovation by embracing challenges and deploying emerging technologies to solve complex problems in software development. As a Software Engineer, you will work with an expansive network of global technology partners, making it possible to reach travelers across the globe and at every stage of their journey. Koddi's partners include Google, Facebook, TripAdvisor, and many more. The right candidates for this position are self motivated problem solvers who can drive technical projects from design, implementation, deployment, and monitoring. Who you are You have a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science with 3+ years working experience on an enterprise level application You have strong coding fundamentals with experience in C, C++, GoLang, or Java You have experience working with a large multi contributor Git repository You have experience working with SQL and No SQL databases (SQL Server, Postgres, Redis, Aerospike) You’ve run large scale applications in AWS You adapt well working with emerging technologies You have a strong technical base and innovative mindset You have experience mentoring teammates You thrive in ever changing environments You communicate well with coworkers of all levels What you'll do You’ll work in a collaborative, agile team for a fast growing company With your technical expertise, you’ll produce organized, clean, and maintainable code You will develop tools and libraries to expand our automation capabilities You’ll own product features from concept to deployment You will be integral in creating software best practices that incorporate new technologies You’ll be a champion of code quality and standards across the team You will recommend and implement new product features that improve our client experience and performance You’ll optimize and refactor existing code You’ll improve efficiency, scalability, and reliability of applications You’ll ensure business requirements are met through automated tests You will drive critical engineer led projects You’ll participate in lively technology discussions where your opinion is truly valued WHO WE ARE Koddi is a technology company that was born in 2013 from an opportunity to innovate in the adtech space. Our award winning SaaS platform provides a robust network for brands to connect with consumers and drive revenue through native sponsored placements, metasearch, and programmatic media campaigns. Based in Fort Worth, Texas, we’ve grown to become a diverse global team. Ranked by Forbes, Deloitte, and Inc. magazine as one of the fastest growing companies in the nation, we’re growing rapidly and looking for innovative problem solvers to join our team. OUR MISSION AND PROMISE Getting the experience right, together. As an experienced member of our Software Engineering Group, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought provoking environment one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Expertise in application, data, and infrastructure architecture disciplines Advanced knowledge of architecture and design across all systems Proficiency in multiple modern programming languages Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals Passionate about building an innovative culture JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description Part of Etsy's mission is to help connect buyers and sellers. The Payments team works on that goal by enabling buyers and sellers to transact seamlessly with each other across countries, languages, and currencies. Specifically, we drive products where money changes hands on and off the site, including checkout, billing, and giftcards. Our systems process millions of dollars a day and are part of the foundation the Etsy marketplace is built on. It's an exciting and fun environment with the opportunity to effect massive growth on an Etsy sized scale. We touch all parts of the Etsy web stack primarily PHP, MySQL and Memcache on the server side. You'll need to think hard about database transactions, sharding, replication, performance, stability, and metrics, and what it takes to move fast and iterate in a world full of sensitive cardholder data. You'll be expected to write infrastructure code, command line tools, move mountains of data, optimize code for site performance and various other forms of heavy lifting. We launch products and we maintain them, and take pride when other teams extend them in ways we hadn't initially conceived. This role is based in Brooklyn, NY or remote within the US & Canada. Qualifications You're an engineer who can turn ideas into extremely fast and reliable code that other people or you, six months into the future will find easy to comprehend and modify. You believe in Etsy's vision of a human driven economy, and are passionate about building the products that enable that economy. You will be successful in this role if you: Care as much about building great products as you do writing great code. Have a knack for organization and breaking down large problems into smaller ones. Can be autonomous and self driven. Strong database experience, especially around scaling applications. You can spin yarns about how you've done this right and wrong at your previous jobs. And we'll give bonus points if you can actually spin yarn. Understanding of the various aspects involved in running a large scale web siteHelp others around you grow as developers and be successful. Enjoy learning about and interacting with the people who use your product. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. JPMorgan Asset Management is embarking on a major multi year, ground up initiative to dramatically enhance our derivatives capabilities end to end. We will be leveraging the Investment Bank's Risk as a Service (RaaS) offering, as well as building a number of cloud deployed micro services and PM facing applications using Python, Java, and JavaScript. Responsibilities include but not limited to: Hands on design and development of solutions ranging from implementation of quantitative models & analytics, to the build out of trade entry capabilities for front office Portfolio Managers, and Traders Involve in Integration of newly built software with existing internal platforms Participation in the full Software Delivery Lifecycle including coding, code reviews, testing, deployment, and support, in a DevOps environment Work directly with end users to understand requirements, roll out functionality, and collect feedback Coordinate and collaborate with other teams contributing to the derivatives effort Participate in the user acceptance testing and training of new implementations (including the supervision and preparation of user documentation) This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Advanced knowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Understanding of architecture and design across all systems Working proficiency in developmental toolsets Hands on experience with professional software development Experience in application development using JavaScript (preferably with React ), Java, Python Familiarity with NoSQL/OO Databases is preferred Good to have automated Unit Testing experience and knowledge of Excel VBA Business Knowledge of Fixed Income Derivatives, Equity Derivatives, Trade Lifecycle is plus Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals, and passionate about building an innovative culture JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans Join an Innovative Deep Learning team with the opportunity to be creative while supporting ever changing technology. Our Ideal Candidate Is/Has 1+ years experience with website design Great HTML and CSS skills, experience developing web sites without templates Graphic design experience strongly preferred JavaScript Good collaboration, teamwork, and learning skills RWD Nice to haves Image processing / production skills and experience with InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator Job description Description About this role Are you interested in building innovative technology that shapes the financial markets? Do you like working at the speed of a startup, but want to solve some of the world’s most complex problems? Do you want to work with, and learn from, hands on leaders in technology and finance? At BlackRock, we are looking for Software Engineers who like to innovate and solve complex problems. We recognize that strength comes from diversity, and will embrace your unique skills, curiosity, drive, and passion while giving you the opportunity to grow technically and as an individual. With over USD $7 trillion of assets we have an exceptional responsibility: our technology empowers millions of investors to save for retirement, pay for college, buy a home and improve their financial wellbeing. Being a developer at BlackRock means you get the best of both worlds: working for one of the most advanced financial companies and also being part of a software development team responsible for next generation technology and solutions. You are: Curious and eager to learn new things, with a healthy disrespect for the status quo Willing to embrace work outside of your comfort zone, and open to guidance from others; you make mistakes, but learn from them Passionate about technology, with personal ownership for the work you do Data focused, with an eye for the details that matter to solve the problem We are: Passionate about building quality software and scaling technology to meet the needs of tomorrow Building solutions for BlackRock and over 100 organizations who use our technology Developing in Java, Python, Cassandra, Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes, and many others Committed to open source, and contributing back to the community Writing testable software every day, with a focus on incremental innovation You have: 2 6 years software engineering work experience on large scale software development and deployment experience BA/BS in Computer Science from an accredited university (in lieu of degree, 4+ years of relevant work experience) Strong programming skills in Java Experience in modern web application development Knowledge of Angular, Spring, SQL, Javascript, HTML5 and CSS3 Agile development skills Ability and interest to learn other coding languages as needed Want to learn more? For 30 years, to drive innovation, BlackRock has bought great minds together. From the very beginning technology was leveraged for insight and efficiency to help our businesses better understand their client’s objectives. BlackRock is accelerating innovation and technology to invest even more in our Aladdin platform and looking for people with a passion for technology and a love of solving complex problems to join our teams. Our benefits To help you stay energized, engaged and inspired, we offer a wide range of benefits including a strong retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive healthcare, support for working parents and Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about. About BlackRock BlackRock’s purpose is to help more and more people experience financial well being. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of June 30, 2020, the firm managed approximately $732 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit wwwblackrock.com/corporate | Twitter: @blackrock | Blog: wwwblackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: wwwlinkedin.com/company/blackrock BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law. Job requisition # R190296 Your next adventure at VMware is only a click away! At VMware, we are committed to helping our people grow professionally. Our talented employees exemplify our shared values and continue to drive our company to new heights. If you see a position that might be right for you, we encourage you to apply and continue to be a part of our EPIC2 community. About Us Ready to build? So are we. Come join VMware’s new exciting Modern Applications Business Unit (MAPBU) team, made up of products and services under the Tanzu portfolio (#TeamTanzu) to help customers build, run and manage their most important applications. We build applications with velocity to run in a cloud native environment, run open source Kubernetes with consistency, and manage our customers entire footprint with confidence to help them achieve their business outcomes. We are looking for engineers who want to make a lasting impact on our enterprise grade database offerings, Pivotal Greenplum, Pivotal Postgres, and MySQL for PCF. You You are looking for a collaborative environment building database systems that enable enterprises to focus on their business rather than architecting open source database solutions from scratch. You are a polyglot who loves learning new programming languages and systems. Furthering your education has always been a goal of yours. Pair programming is either something you enjoy or something that you wanted to try out. You believe in relentless automation to simplify operating inherently complex things. Contributing to open source software makes you feel good about the transparency it brings to an organization's code quality. Us Agile concepts are at the core of our process. We have a whole host of Pivotal Practices around Test Driven Development, pair programming, team retrospectives, technical retrospectives, and continuous integration. We are excited to teach these to you and innovate with you on their implementation. We believe in a sustainable pace, so we work 8 hour days, maintaining core hours to support collaboration. Although on call rotations are part of most teams, incidents are exceedingly rare. We pair in small teams of 4 8 people in our San Francisco and Palo Alto offices. We prefer to be co located but when we do work with team members in other locations we use Slack to stay connected and screen sharing for pairing. We work hard to ensure that our distributed teams function as smoothly as our distributed systems. Making an investment in each employee's professional development improves the organization as a whole. We encourage you to go to conferences, take classes, and read books and we’ll give you a budget each year to do it. Desired Skills/ Experience We know from experience that not ticking every box on the skills sections stops many from applying. You should apply regardless of your self assessment because we want to hear from you. Ability to dive into a large polyglot codebase and contribute as you learn Know your way around CI/CD platforms and tools A good understanding of databases like PostgreSQL or MySQL Demonstrable ability to research problems and break them into discrete parts Demonstrated ability to fully engage with your team Ability to ramp up quickly and contribute to a production codebase Demonstrated mentor and technical team leader in a professional software team Contribute to a culture of continuous learning and improvement Being okay with the uncomfortable feeling that comes from learning new things Nice to Haves BA/BS in Computer Science or a related field Skilled at drawing on your technical domain knowledge, design patterns, and experience to build maintainable software Ability to mentor others in a professional setting Operations or Systems Administration experience, particularly on Linux Experience with Kubernetes, Docker, or cloud deployment technologies Experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) Worked in a pair programming environment Contributed to an open source project On call experience with production grade systems This position is eligible for TanzuChallenge referral campaign Category : Engineering and Technology Subcategory: Software Engineering Experience: Business Leadership Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Remote: Yes Posted Date: 2020 11 02 VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careersvmware.com. Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law. The Applications Development Intermediate Programmer Analyst is an intermediate level position responsible for participation in the establishment and implementation of new or revised application systems and programs in coordination with the Technology team. The overall objective of this role is to contribute to applications systems analysis and programming activities. Responsibilities: Utilize knowledge of applications development procedures and concepts, and basic knowledge of other technical areas to identify and define necessary system enhancements, including using script tools and analyzing/interpreting code Consult with users, clients, and other technology groups on issues, and recommend programming solutions, install, and support customer exposure systems Apply fundamental knowledge of programming languages for design specifications. Analyze applications to identify vulnerabilities and security issues, as well as conduct testing and debugging Serve as advisor or coach to new or lower level analysts Identify problems, analyze information, and make evaluative judgements to recommend and implement solutions Resolve issues by identifying and selecting solutions through the applications of acquired technical experience and guided by precedents Has the ability to operate with a limited level of direct supervision. Can exercise independence of judgement and autonomy. Acts as SME to senior stakeholders and /or other team members. Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. Qualifications: 2 5 years of relevant experience in the Financial Service industry Intermediate level experience in Applications Development role Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and verbal communication Demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills Ability to work under pressure and manage deadlines or unexpected changes in expectations or requirements Education: Bachelor’s degree/University degree or equivalent experience This job description provides a high level review of the types of work performed. Other job related duties may be assigned as required. Job Family Group: Technology Job Family: Applications Development Time Type: Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi. View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement. View the EEO Policy Statement. View the Pay Transparency Posting Messari is a fast growth startup in New York that is building the next generation data layer for the global cryptoasset community. We believe data is knowledge, and with knowledge, you can invest with confidence. But getting information you can trust in the crypto world is hard. Our mission is to drive factual crowd sourced information and data transparency across every corner of the emerging token ecosystem by building an open data library for blockchain projects and cryptoassets. We are applying ideas of open data and crowdsourcing to financial services, giving investors the tools they need to separate the wheat from the chaff, and helping enable smarter regulation along the way. Are you passionate about crypto finance? Do you daydream in the overlap between open source coding and Freakanomics? Do you want to help change the world and build the core data infrastructure for the next 100 years? Then we want to talk to you. We’re looking for an ambitious, dedicated, methodical, and versatile front end engineer with the experience and passion to solve interesting problems. We need someone who can build tools for interacting with content, real time feeds, and blockchain data, and work with designers on intuitive interfaces that keep our users and contributors coming back for more. You will work in a team with fellow engineers to create informative and attractive products that help our global user base educate themselves and make critical investment decisions. About the job Iterate towards a seamless user experience that integrates web components with smart contracts and blockchain data. Work with the latest Javascript frameworks, including ReactJS, TypeScript, Yarn, and Web3JS, to define new UI possibilities for the cryptoasset industry. Integrate our real time blockchain and market data to show off our cutting edge research, metrics, and analytics. Work closely with Design on UI/UX. About you You have successfully shipped code for a consumer facing product, including layout, styling, and front end functionality. You have a strong grasp modern Javascript frameworks like React. Experience with Typescript, Material UI and Web3JS a plus. You care deeply about the user, and ideally have a strong eye for design. You are a passionate Mission First, Team Always person with a strong drive to do important and valuable work. You ship. You take ownership, you move with a sense of purpose, and you deliver results. You measure twice and cut once. You think carefully about a problem, plan how to execute it, and then make it happen. Whether you are cryptocurious or a Slashdot OG, you are excited to learn more about the industry and level up with us. You know how to take a break, and are passionate about life both inside and outside the office. Company Description The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture represented by the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our groundbreaking continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. Job Description The Checkout team is responsible for a pivotal part of the business, that crucial moment as customers decide to trust the business and make a purchase. We help enable millions of dollars a day in transactions across countries, languages and currencies. We code primarily in PHP and Javascript and work on cross functional teams along with Product, Design and Analytics. You'll need to think hard about user experience, database transactions, performance, stability, metrics, and what it takes to move fast and iterate in a world full of sensitive user data. It's an exciting and fun environment with the opportunity to effect substantial growth on an Etsy sized scale. This role is based in Brooklyn, NY, or remote. Qualifications You're a senior engineer who can turn ideas into extremely fast and reliable code that other people or you, six months into the future will find easy to comprehend and modify. You believe in Etsy's vision of a people led economy, and are passionate about building the products that enable that economy. You will be successful in this role if you: Are an experienced engineer focused on around 70% back end and 30% front end coding in PHP & JavaScript or similar codebases Care as much about building great products as you do writing phenomenal code. Have a knack for organization and breaking down large problems into smaller ones. Can be autonomous and self disciplined. Strong database experience, especially around scaling applications. You can spin yarns about how you've done this right and wrong at your previous jobs. And we'll give bonus points if you can actually spin yarn. Understanding of the various aspects involved in running a large scale website. Help others around you grow as developers and be successful. Enjoy learning about and interacting with the people who use your product. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. Summary Posted: Sep 21, 2020 Weekly Hours: 3 Role Number:200193805 Apple Pay Server Engineering is the place to be if you are interested in working on awesome technology that is used by millions of people every single day! As part of the Apple Pay Server Engineering team, you will have the opportunity to explore and contribute to a wide variety of interesting projects within Apple Pay. If you meet the key qualifications and you are self driven, enthusiastic, highly motivated, and you want to make an impact, we'd love to hear from you! Key Qualifications Minimum 5+ years relevant industry experience Experience writing server software in Java or C/C++ or C# Experience/Knowledge working on highly scalable applications and RESTful web services Knowledge of databases both SQL and NoSQL Familiarity with scalability and performance issues Understand software development process from inception to delivery of code to production Strong Computer Science background Interest in payment industry Experience/understanding of security and cryptography (not mandatory) Description Responsible for designing and developing highly reliable, scalable server platforms with attention to detail Follow our software development process including writing unit tests, perform code reviews etc. Ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly Work effectively with cross functional teams to develop features Provide support for production deployments Demonstrate ability to deliver results on time with high quality Education & Experience Bachelor in Computer Science or equivalent Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 286 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: At PayPal, we’re literally reinventing how the world pays and gets paid. We understand that it’s about people. We connect individuals to let them shop, get paid, donate and send money using today’s technology with the confidence that comes from the security and control PayPal enables. Are you ready to help us change the world? The world’s leading payments company, PayPal, brings together a family of brands that are revolutionizing the way people move money. At PayPal you will be immersed in an amazing community with a vibrant culture that thrives on innovation, collaboration, inclusion and wellness. Job Description: Software Engineers at PayPal develop innovative solutions and high quality products that touch millions of people every day around the globe. Our engineers solve some of the most complex technical problems in the world of connected payments across all business units, including PayPal, Braintree, Venmo, Paydiant and others. We are looking for the highest levels of technical talent and programming skills, as well as a keen desire to deeply understand our products and services to push our technology forward with respect to functionality, performance, reliability, and scalability. You’ll work alongside the best and the brightest engineering talent in the industry. We have opportunities in a wide range of areas including development, design, search, platform, test, quality, big data, front end and back end. As a core participant of your team, you’ll estimate engineering efforts, design your changes, implement and test your changes, push to live, and triage production issues. You need to be dynamic, collaborative, and curious as we build new experiences, improve existing products, and develop distributed systems powering the world’s largest e commerce and payments websites at a scale only a few companies can match. Key Responsibilities: Code high volume and scalable software Create web applications using React/Node and other technologies Create back end services using Java, SQL, ReST Build and develop new user facing experiences Partner closely with cross functional teams in design, product and other business units Basic Requirements: Graduated within the past 12 months, or will be graduating by Spring 2021, with a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field from an accredited college or university Strong applied experience. You’ve built, broken, and rebuilt software applications. We’re looking for creative thinkers who also know how to create real world products. Working knowledge of web technologies (such as HTTP, HTML/DOM, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX) will be beneficial Familiarity with Nodejs applications Familiarity with Java, C++ and/or Python Understanding around concepts like Web Services, SOA, REST APIs A constant desire to grow, learn, and explore new things Position Location: Varies We're a purpose driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: Global Markets Our core value is building strong relationships with our institutional clients, which include corporations, financial service providers, and fund managers. We help them buy and sell financial products on exchanges around the world, raise funding, and manage risk. This is a dynamic, entrepreneurial team with a passion for the markets, with individuals who thrive in fast paced, changing environments and are energized by a bustling trading floor. Our team of engineers builds solutions to the most complex problems. We develop cutting edge systems and processes that form the core of our key business and care about every microsecond. We provide real time access to critical information and crunch billions of data points each day to provide insights and execute strategies on exchanges across the world. Team members have the opportunity to work at the forefront of technology innovation alongside industry leaders and make significant contributions to the field. The FICC Systematic Market Making (SMM) business consolidates and expands the firm’s electronic market making and algorithmic trade execution. The Commodities Options engineering team partners closely with traders to develop and support algorithmic trading applications for Commodities derivative products. The team combines computer science, research and trading expertise to deliver liquidity solutions for our clients, and advance the firm’s electronic trading franchise. At Goldman Sachs, our culture is one of teamwork, innovation and meritocracy. We often say our people are our greatest asset and we take pride in supporting each colleague both professionally and personally. From collaborative work spaces and ergonomic services to wellbeing and resilience offerings, we offer our people the flexibility and support they need to reach their goals in and outside the office. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: Job Summary and Responsibilities: Partner closely with a global, diverse and inclusive team Maintain the highest ethical standards in all aspects of your work Work with product experts to design and build strategies that help achieve business objectives of our clients and traders Develop low latency exchange trading algorithms and run them on cutting edge infrastructure Implement software using Java, C++, Python and GS proprietary technologies Design highly scalable, highly available software stacks that meet the highest expectations of our clients Use data science and time series analysis techniques in Python to design, analyze and measure market making strategies Understand, implement and embed sophisticated mathematical models in the trading strategies, which reflect various aspects of market dynamics Basic Qualifications: Successful members of our team hold Bachelors, Masters and Doctoral degrees in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths) discipline. We are interested in bright individuals who have computational backgrounds, a willingness to learn about finance and who possess skills in the following areas: Strong hands on object oriented programming skills – Java/C++ Experience with dynamically typed languages, such as Python Knowledge of data structures, algorithms and design patterns Experience with Linux operating system internals Excellent communication skills Interest in algorithmic trading Preferred Qualifications: Experience with highly scalable distributed architecture systems and messaging protocols Experience designing and building highly reliable systems with defined SLA objectives Understanding of exchange traded markets, products, conventions and pricing models Exchange traded Commodities derivatives, particularly Options experience is a plus Understanding of time series analysis, statistics, data science and numerical techniques Strong interpersonal skills, drive and ownership Experience working in a front office environment ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Software Engineer (Core Technology) Coverage Area IT/Quantitative Analytics Location New York Institution Type Hedge Fund Position Software Engineer Our Hedge Fund client has an Engineering role, in their New York office. They are looking for a qualified Software Engineer/DevOps Engineer that will contribute to the development of applications to maintain the firm’s quantitative model production system. The employees of this firm are capable of researching, designing, coding and implementing projects while collectively working with portfolio managers and researchers. Candidates should be able to work in a fast paced environment to ensure that all systems are up to date and can keep up with the large scale growth of the firm. They are looking for someone that can design, deploy and assess innovative solutions while also pursuing the on going development of existing applications. This would require analyzing system performance and being proactive with research of new technologies to meet business requirements. They would want this person to have a degree in Quantitative or Technical studies such as computer science or engineering from a top tier university. They are looking for someone with 3+ years of experience as a software engineer developing scalable systems or solutions. Ideal candidates would have highly developed experience and understanding in a variety of programming languages such as Python, Java, Unix, and Linux. Description Headquartered in New York City, AiCure produces mobile and cloud based applications that leverage Computer Vision and Machine Learning to assist pharmaceutical & healthcare businesses to improve drug development and population health. When patients use our apps, information on their medication intake is recorded, which allows stakeholders to gain insights and to take actions (patient alerts, etc.). Our apps identify the patient (face verification), verify that patients are taking the right medication (pill recognition), and that they are actually taking their medication (action recognition). As a Full Stack engineer, you'll architect and build product features from the database all the way to the UI. You'll collaborate closely with colleagues in Design and Product. Working in a small, cross functional team, your work will have significant impact on healthcare for everyone on the planet! Experience in healthcare is NOT required. Key responsibilities Design, implement, launch, and maintain highly visible and scalable services and systems Analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of current system Build and improve production monitoring Write unit tests and documentation Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Stay abreast of best trends by researching new tools, as well as enhancing and further developing existing solutions A passion for performance, debugging and benchmarking Requirements Degree in CS, EE or a related field 3+ years of solid back end experiences Experience with Java and the Spring Framework Strong foundation in computer science, with strong understanding in data structures, algorithms, design patterns, and OOP Technically savvy and excellent at managing multiple requirements in a fast paced environment Experiences with Git, Linux, Web technologies, SQL and/or NoSQL database, and etc. Experiences with cloud services such as AWS Experiences developing microservices and APIs Know how to make the tradeoffs required to ship without compromising quality Excellent communication skills Benefits Philosophy Our selection process is highly competitive because we only hire the best, most enthusiastic candidates. Openness, flexibility, creativity, ownership, and accountability are our main pillars. We love solving challenging problems and creating solutions that have real impact on people at scale. Impact We're on a mission to revolutionize healthcare and when you join us, you'll have the opportunity of having real, tangible impact not only on individuals directly using our technology, but also on how drugs are tested and brought to market across the world. That means everyone on the planet will benefit from what you do. You'll be inspired every day because you'll be making a real difference and you'll see it happen. In real time and at scale. People You'll work with brilliant, positive people who thrive in an interdisciplinary, multi cultural environment, and are curious, creative, and focused on executing our mission. You'll be up to speed in the the most recent advances in Artificial Intelligence (Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Big Data) while solving challenging problems that must take into account many fascinating aspects of human psychology and behavior. You'll work with Scientists, Engineers, Designers, and Medical Doctors, to create innovative products that scale in an environment that encourages learning, collaboration, and growth. Compensation We offer great compensation packages that are not only highly competitive, but will allow you to benefit and grow as we expand and scale. Health Coverage Full (100%) coverage on medical, dental, and vision insurance plans with one of the biggest health insurance companies in the US. You'll have plenty of choices for all of your healthcare needs. 401K We offer 401K so you when you retire, you can benefit from all of the great things you do with us. Fantastic Location We're in one of the best and coolest neighborhoods in NYC: in the heart of the trendy Flatiron District, which is extremely well connected, and bustling with culture, food, shopping, cafes, and parks to inspire you. Office We have a fantastic open loft space with brand new, state of the art equipment including standing desks, snacks, kitchen, areas for mingling and having a break, and plenty of sunshine. Full views of the Empire State Building included. At Olo we develop an online food ordering platform used by many of the country's largest restaurant chains, reaching millions of consumers. Chances are if you've ordered directly from a restaurant brand's app or website, we've made that happen. We need software engineers like you to join our team. We have several open positions at various experience levels including mid, senior and staff engineers. As part of the team you will play a significant and visible role in helping us scale one of the most advanced food ordering platforms in the market. You will design, develop, scale, and monitor solutions, improvements, and services across our ordering platform. While primarily focused on our back end, contributions are encouraged throughout our stack. We aim to deeply collaborate and communicate well. We encourage new ideas and experimentation. No part of the code base is off limits. We take pride in a neat codebase with automated tests and continuous integration, and encourage constant refactoring. You'll work with a passionate team dedicated to delivering amazing products using modern tools and technologies. Any engineer may work at Olo's headquarters in New York City's Financial District or remotely from anywhere in the US. In fact, more than half of our engineering team (and Olo) is remote! What You’ll Be Doing Designing reliable, but simple solutions to complex problems at scale. Demonstrating broad knowledge of software engineering concepts. Observing system performance in your domain and identifying emerging problems. Quickly assessing and resolving production incidents that arise in the components your team is responsible for. Researching and proposing new technologies to apply effectively. Exhibiting good judgment, seeking out diverse perspectives, and challenging business and technical assumptions. Providing constructive criticism in a way that builds the team's bench strength. Consistently delivering against commitments. How We Work We foster a culture of collaboration, communication, accountability, skill sharing, belonging, mutual respect, and curiosity. We practice Whole Team Quality, no throwing code over the wall. System Reliability Engineering, Scalability, and Security are embedded throughout our software process. We are outcome not output focused. Our tech stack is rooted in .NET (C# and F#) and SQL Server running in AWS infrastructure and modern software engineering tools such as GitHub, TeamCity, Octopus Deploy, Datadog, and Sumo Logic, as well as heavy use of OSS What’s Important to Olo Our families come first. We know they make us who we are and they are who we live and work for every day. Olo is our extended family. We’re in this together, fighting for one another. We’re happy to be here. We will not let one another down. We learn from and fight through setbacks. We recognize and help one another with direct feedback. We care about you. We offer 20 days of paid time off, fully paid health, dental and vision care premiums, stock options, a generous parental leave plan. We value diversity. At Olo, we know a diverse and inclusive team not only makes our products better, but our workplace better. Many groups are consistently underrepresented across the tech sector and we are fully committed to doing our part to move the needle. Learn more about our culture, values, and mission. https://wwwolo.com/images/culturejpg. COVID 19 Impact Olo is committed to the well being of candidates, employees and our community. The Olo NYC Headquarters will be closed for the foreseeable future because of the global outbreak of COVID 19. While an in person interview is typical for many roles at Olo, we will conduct interviews via video conferencing while our HQ is closed. Olo benefits from the fact that over half of our workforce is remote, therefore we are accustomed to conducting interviews via video conferencing and we anticipate no impact on our recruiting timelines. We encourage candidates to share any concerns or questions with Olo’s recruiting team. About Olo Olo powers digital ordering and delivery programs that connect restaurant brands to the on demand world, placing orders directly into the restaurant through all order origination points – from a brand’s own website or app, third party marketplaces, social media platforms, smart speakers, and home assistants. Olo serves as the on demand ordering and delivery platform for over 300 brands, such as Applebee’s, Checkers & Rally’s, Cheesecake Factory, Chili’s, Dairy Queen, Denny’s, Five Guys Burgers & Fries, Jamba Juice, Noodles & Company, Portillo’s Hot Dogs, Shake Shack, sweetgreen, Wingstop, and more. Learn more at wwwolo.com. Olo's headquarters is located on the 82nd floor of One World Trade Center. We offer great benefits, such as 20 days of Paid Time Off, fully paid health, dental and vision care premiums, stock options, a generous parental leave plan, and perks like FitBits, rotating craft beers on tap in our kitchen, and food events featuring our clients' menu items (now you know why we give out FitBits!). Check out our culture map:https://wwwolo.com/images/culturejpg. We encourage you to apply! Olo is an equal opportunity employer and diversity is highly valued at our company. All applicants receive consideration for employment. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. If you like what you read, hear, and/or know about Olo, and want to be a part of our team, please do not hesitate to apply! We are excited to hear from you! BentoBox empowers restaurants to own their presence, profits and relationships. The hospitality platform disrupts third party services that come between the restaurant and the guest. BentoBox puts the restaurant first and offers tools that drive high margin revenue directly through the restaurant's website. BentoBox is trusted and loved by over 5,000 restaurants worldwide including The Meatball Shop, Joseph Leonard, Union Square Hospitality Group, Major Food Group, Rose's Luxury, Eleven Madison Park & many more. Learn more at wwwgetbento.com We're looking for a Software Development Engineer in Test to help build the world's best digital operations platform for restaurants. Our current technology stack consists mostly of Django / Python and React, but we are always looking to use the tools that are most appropriate for the task at hand. Responsibilities Work with other engineers to perform upgrades to our platform. Identify root cause for reported defects and implement fixes in production. Manage quality in the production environment as part of an on call rotation. Maintain and enhance the CI/CD Pipeline and automation test suite. Ensure that unit and integration test coverage is up to industry standard. Uphold BentoBox's core mission, vision, and values Skills and Attributes 1+ years of experience writing production code Experience with Python/Django A strong understanding of Javascript fundamentals Experience with React with Redux Experience working in an Agile environment Excellent debugging skill Hiring Process Qualified applicants will be invited to schedule a 30 minute screening call with our Recruiting team. Next, they will have a 45 minute technical video interview. Candidates who pass the first round will be invited to meet with an Engineering Director /Manager, QA Manager and a couple of engineers. Successful candidates will be made an offer pending a reference check. BentoBox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Do you want to build products for millions of users? Do you want to help build award winning iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch apps? Do you like working with a variety of technologies, including Swift and Objective C? About Us: We, the iOS team at the New York Times, are looking for iOS Engineers! We are product focused software engineers who care deeply about our work and code quality. We value learning, trust, and fun. Some of the teams that are looking for iOS engineers could include: NYT News: Our news apps have received multiple Webbys and Apple “Best Of” awards. We partner with our colleagues in product, design and the newsroom to build new features to improve the experience for our readers. NYT Parenting : A brand new iOS team building an app from scratch, help our product and design partners create a compelling experience for our audience of new parents. NYT Games : An iOS team expanding into cross platform technologies such as Flutter, we love to have fun and create new puzzles and games that keep our audiences coming back for more. NYT Ad Tech : Help us make ads on native apps the best user experience they can be, while supporting the mission of independent journalism. NYT Audio : Let’s create the next generation of exciting podcasting experiences together. Your Responsibilities: You will create and maintain features (and, depending on the team, new apps) using Swift. You will participate in our technical discussions on developing product features. You will help promote standards in Swift development and delivery, and engage with the community of iOS developers at the Times. Where applicable, you will integrate with broader New York Times iOS platform code, which may be at least partially written or have dependencies written in Objective C. Your Qualifications: You have an understanding of iOS design patterns, memory management and multi threading. You have hands on iOS Swift experience, including writing unit tests and integration with frameworks such as Cocoapods. You have a good product sense and the vision to translate product goals into quality shippable code. This role may require limited on call hours. An on call schedule will be determined when you join, taking into account team size and other variables. On call hours are unpaid, unless informed otherwise by your manager. Benefits and Perks: Support our original, independent and deeply reported journalism. We provide great health, dental, vision and life insurance for employees and their families We support responsible retirement planning with a generous 401(k) company match. We offer great parental leave. We are committed to career development and ongoing learning, and provide employees $8,000 annually for tuition reimbursement. We have frequent panel discussions and talks by a wide variety of newsmakers and industry leaders. Join a community committed to the richness of diversity, experiences and talents in the world we cover, supported by a variety of employee resource groups. #LI SL1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. Working as a coder at Hudson River Trading (HRT) means working on a small, highly productive and efficient team. We know you see "Trading" in our name and assume you'll be relegated to some dark corner to code for the "business" but this impression is entirely wrong. At HRT, a fully automated trading firm based in NYC, the code you write *is* our business, so it is everyone's job, top to bottom, to make sure our team has everything they need to do their jobs well. We are looking for smart programmers who love to code, like being challenged, hate to climb corporate ladders, and don't mind the added bonus of having hard work rewarded through recognition and extremely competitive compensation. At HRT, coders are integral to the success of our trading, and they know it. You can always expect to be challenged by the ever changing financial markets, and find yourself working on critical software in an extremely fast paced, real time environment. As a Software Engineer on HRT's Core Development team, you will step into an incredible learning opportunity; HRT's distributed system is on the Pareto frontier of latency and throughput. You'll develop deep knowledge of C++, OS internals, CPU architecture, and networking hardware and protocols. And you will be surrounded by amazing developers who are honing their skills every day. You'll be amazed at what you accomplish. Or do you prefer hardware? Want to craft unique FPGA designs with nanosecond precision? Passionate about exposing malicious bugs in complex designs and fixing them? HRT builds custom, high performance hardware to support our trading infrastructure. We use a mix of industry standard and open source tools for our development. You'll be part of a team pushing boundaries in low level computer architecture, logic design, tool writing, and the interface between hardware and software. The Skills: Excellent design, debugging and problem solving skills Some working experience with C++ or extensive C is required, as are good CS fundamentals Knowledge of UNIX operating systems (we use Linux), system/processor performance, and network communication For the hardware track, similar coding skills and CS fundamentals, plus some experience in Verilog, SystemVerilog, or VHDL coding. Interest in low level architecture, logic design, and/or verification is a plus The Profile: In your spare time you: code, tinker, read, explore, break things, and have an insatiable curiosity for all things computer related... you'll find like minded people here You possess a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field You are capable of working independently as well as part of a team You can analyze and fix problems quickly Can look at code, figure out how it works, and how to make it better Can describe software designs at a high level (the abstract interface), low level (step by step algorithm), or anywhere in between You really like to work with people who challenge you and make you better at what you do Culture Hudson River Trading (HRT) brings a scientific approach to trading financial products. We have built one of the world's most sophisticated computing environments for research and development. Our researchers are at the forefront of innovation in the world of algorithmic trading. At HRT we come from all sorts of backgrounds: mathematics, computer science, statistics, physics, and engineering. We're a community of self starters who are motivated by the excitement of being at the cutting edge of automated trading. Our culture celebrates great ideas whether they come from HRT veterans or new hires. At HRT we're friends and colleagues, whether we are sharing a meal, playing the latest board game, or writing elegant code. We embrace a culture of togetherness that extends far beyond the walls of our office. Seem like something you might be interested in? Our goal is to find the best people and bring them together to do great work in a place where everyone is valued. HRT is proud of our diverse staff; we have offices all over the globe and benefit from our varied and unique perspectives. HRT is an equal opportunity employer; so whoever you are we'd love to get to know you. Company Description Who We Are: Twitter's Discovery teams are dedicated to getting the majority of the world to find and participate in all that is happening on Twitter. We are composed of many teams across the company, including Product, Engineering, Design, and Data Science. We are in charge of features like new user sign up flow & education, personalized recommended notifications, re activating returning users, and much more. The charter of the whole Discovery team involves work in areas such as machine learning, applied data science, recommendation systems, distributed systems, and information retrieval systems, all applied at a large scale. However, to realize those gains, it’s critical for our product engineers to utilize those platforms and systems, build out user facing features and test it out using online experimentation. Discovery has been a major contributor to Twitter’s growth and continues to expand its impact on users through the great collaboration between our ML engineers, infrastructure engineers and product engineers. Job Description What You'll Do: As a software engineer at Twitter, you will help us build, scale and maintain the consumer product we have, which has a direct impact on the lives of our users and the success of our business. To be successful you will have to partner closely with Product, Design, Research, Data Science, and other engineers to plan, implement, and validate solutions to user problems. A few things that set us apart: Our work is highly impactful, we drive multiple key metrics for the company (DAUs, MAUs & various key engagement metrics). We have some great product platforms that we built over the years to ease the product development. We are very experiment driven and have several experiments in flight at any point of time. We believe in team centric development and working collaboratively. We love hanging out together and have many active chat channels, some for work related topics, and others for non work related topics. Qualifications Who You Are: You should be passionate about experimentation and understanding user behavior and needs You can jump into different code bases and learn quickly You can turn product requirements into concrete engineering plans You can communicate effectively with cross functional partners (Product, Design, Research, Data Science) Requirements: We are currently looking for candidates at multiple levels, from SWE2 with a BS or MS in Computer Science (or related field) and 2 years of work experience to Sr level candidates with 5+ years of experience. Experience with developing backend services Familiarity with at least one mainstream programming language Experience with building and shipping products Experience running online experiments Desired (not required): Experience with building consumer facing product Experience with A/B Testing and product experimentation Experience with Scala Experience with Hadoop or other MapReduce based architectures Experience with building machine learning applications Experience with building large scale distributed backend services Experience leading, growing and mentoring other engineers. Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: MBD Technology is one agile team that develops solutions in the Content Search, Workflow, Investment Management, Transaction Entry, Investor Management and Business Intelligence areas. Sitting alongside the Merchant Banking business it offers unique opportunities to work with a world class Private Equity Business Goldman Sachs Engineering is a leader in developing quantitative models and cutting edge systems to solve complex business problems. Working with the firm’s trading, operations, finance, sales, banking and investing businesses, engineers use their mathematical and scientific training to create financial products, advise clients on transactions, price and systematically manage risk, identify market opportunities, and engineer technical solutions to facilitate all business activities. The Merchant Banking Division (MBD) raises capital for companies by directly investing in their corporate equity and debt, real estate equity and debt, and infrastructure related assets and companies. It operates on a global platform and works in a fast paced, exciting environment with individuals with versatile skills and a passion for investing. The Merchant Banking Engineering team collaborates with investing and finance professionals to create quantitative models, tools, and analyses supporting all aspects of the Merchant Bank’s investing and lending activities. Members of our team hold Bachelors, Masters and Doctoral degrees in Physics, Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics and other fields. Although the work performed by this team is financial in nature, applicants need not have specific financial knowledge or experience to apply. The team’s responsibilities include creating quantitative models and analyses and developing software applications and systems to help structure, value, hedge, risk manage the investments and portfolios, and assist processes and reporting. We are interested in individuals who have strong analytical and coding skills and a passion to learn finance. As an Engineer in Merchant Banking, you will have the opportunity to work on many different types of projects including: • Developing tools for workflow management and data collection • Developing data search, analysis, and visualization tools as well as formal report generation (internal and external) • Developing portfolio management and risk monitoring tools for our investments • Developing models and systems for trade booking and risk management • Developing integrations with external parties and cloud based solution providers RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL Developing models and systems for trade booking and risk managementDeveloping search tools, tools for workflow management, data collection, analysis, and visualizationDeveloping portfolio management and risk monitoring tools for our investmentsDeveloping integrations with external parties and cloud based solution providersDeveloping tools that work on desktop and mobile devices SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE WE ARE LOOKING FOR Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in computer science, engineering, math, physics, or other related fieldStrong coding and software system design skillsStrong written and verbal communication skillsProgramming language agnostic Preferred Qualifications Technology: Experience building web based applications or large scale distributed systems, implementing fundamental algorithms, working in different programming languages and databasesFinance: Understanding of market dynamics and conventions, and of different products’ behaviors and specifications. Although the work performed by our team is financial in nature, applicants need not have specific financial knowledge or experience to apply. ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity ABOUT 4C: 4C is building the leading self service intelligence platform for marketers to drive business outcomes across closed ecosystems. Brands, agencies, and media owners around the world trust Scope by 4C™ to surface insights about their most valuable consumers and creatives, and activate them across channels and devices. With over $2 billion in annualized advertising spend running through Scope, 4C bridges linear television, streaming video, digital commerce, and social media. Founded in 2011 and based in Chicago, 4C has staff in the United States, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Singapore. Visit www4Cinsights.com for more information. ABOUT THE ROLE: The ideal candidate would have demonstrated skills in JS and React, familiarity with accessibility guidelines, and the high fidelity implementation of front end design. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Build, test and ship new user facing code in modern tools like React, ES6, Redux, Jest and Webpack Partner with Product, Developers, and UX Designers to interpret user flows and wireframes for interaction design and development Create trustworthy user experiences by building products that are simple, easy to understand, performant and reliable Advise on feasibility and offer creative solutions for interactive UI elements, optimal user experience and efficiency Turn design concepts into polished, accessible, cross browser, responsive templates and reusable components Leverage your experience with a broad range of technology stacks, platforms and workflow tools to do your best work and teach others to do the same Articulate a long term vision for maintaining and scaling our frontend REQUIRED BACKGROUND AND SKILLS Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar demonstrated professional experience with strong computer science fundamentals You've at least 2 3 years of professional experience with production scale modern JS frameworks (React, Ember, Angular, Vue, etc.) You've demonstrated experience with HTML5, CSS3 and preprocessors like LESS/SCSS You understand working in a collaborating environment using tools like Git You've dealt with state management middleware, preferably Redux Demonstrated experience with RESTful APIs and/or GraphQL You've worked directly with UX designers / product managers Experience with accessibility You're familiar with UNIX and the terminal Knowledge of both cross browser, cross platform optimization Remote opportunities available WE OFFER: We offer a challenging job in a dynamic international environment. At 4C you have the opportunity to make an impact. We are proud of our open and informal culture. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including Health, Dental, Life Insurance, Matching 401K, Unlimited Vacation and Maternity and Paternity Leave. The salary will be commensurate with experience. Materialize is the first true SQL streaming database. Materialize lets users build applications and experiences with millisecond level latency for real time data, using simple SQL queries. Our work builds on top of Timely Dataflow and Differential Dataflow, both created by our co founder Frank McSherry, a world leading computer scientist with decades of award winning research in all aspects of data. Our aim is simply building something that works, in a space where most products simply do not. We are looking for seasoned Engineering generalists with extensive experience leading technical architecture and who are proficient in Rust, C++, Java, or functional programming languages. It's vital to also have experience working with large data sets, distributed systems, and backend development, as well as an interest in developing software in Rust. Materialize is deployed on top of streaming message queues, like Kafka, and allows users to specify arbitrary SQL views on top of their queues and query those views instantly. Stream processing software like Kafka has greatly improved the end to end latency of moving messages around in real time, but today there's no good solution for making use of that data easily. Materialize brings the user facing simplicity of SQL views for arbitrary SQL queries, not just some SQL inspired minimal language to the streaming data ecosystem. All of this is only possible because Materialize is built on top of Timely Dataflow and Differential Dataflow, both of which are award winning projects with strong theoretical foundations. Materialize's Chief Scientist and co founder Frank McSherry built Timely Dataflow over years of research. Timely was inspired by an earlier Microsoft Research project (also led by Frank) called Naiad, which won several academic accolades including best paper at SOSP 2013. You will: Design, implement, ship, and maintain substantial parts of Materialize in Rust. Evolve Timely Dataflow and Differential Dataflow to meet the needs of Materialize. Iterate on Materialize to discover and adapt to customer needs. Collaborate with other engineers and product management. You should have: Strong working knowledge of computer science fundamentals, equivalent to a BS., MS., or PhD in Computer Science. Timely and Differential Dataflow are built upon years of academic and industrial research, and you’ll need to become familiar with the research areas. Comfort with writing substantial new code and modifying existing, mature code. Experience building distributed systems. Experience writing high performance systems is a plus. Track record of learning new technologies and concepts quickly. Ability to work both autonomously and collaboratively, as needed. Strong written and verbal communications skills. Bonuses: Knowledge of streaming processing. Experience with Rust. Experience implementing data infrastructure. Experience in compilers. Working at Materialize 100% covered health insurance for you and all your dependents401kFlexible working hours4 weeks of vacationCompetitive equity package We understand it takes a diverse team of highly intelligent, passionate, curious, and creative people to develop the exceptional product we are building. Our dynamic team has incredible perspectives to share, just as we know you do, and we take great pride in being an equal opportunity employer. The partners at Seven Eight Capital have a long track record of successfully implementing quantitative trading strategies in the global equity markets and have delivered superior risk adjusted returns regardless of market conditions. Writing code at Seven Eight Capital is about working with a small team of top notch coders and quantitative traders. We’re a hedge fund that is built on technology, and as a coder, you won’t be working on opaque “business logic” as a second tier player. We’re a 100% quantitative/automated trading firm, and that means building the best technology we can. Coding is our life blood, and over 90% of our employees write code every day. Our Software Engineers help us leverage the latest and greatest technologies to build our trading and research systems. Do you want to scale up to thousands of cores to fit a new ML model? Do you like thinking how we can leverage the cloud for better DevOps? Do you want to become an expert in real time trading systems? These are the things we do. Seven Eight combines the culture of a small startup with a unique partnership with a large investor that gives us the financial resources to grow quickly. A people first culture allows you to learn new skills and apply them to your job on a daily basis and the top notch team around you will be there to help. Frequent work outings bring a relaxed culture where everybody knows what happening and collaboration is encouraged. The Skills: Working towards a Bachelors or Masters degree from a well regarded CS program Experience with AWS (EC2, Batch, EKS/ECS) and Kubernetes a plus Top notch problem solving skills Experience in Java/Python is great, but not required CS Data Structures/Algorithms and enthusiasm for programming Linux/Docker skills This is a predominantly remote role. Minimal in office working time may be required when our offices re open. At AlphaSights, we search through more than 500 million professionals working in the world today to find the small handful of experts qualified to answer our clients' needs. They use these insights to drive amazing progress within their organizations. Our mission is to provide access to dispersed, hidden, and underutilized knowledge. We’ve made terrific progress working in this new space, but we’ve only just scratched the surface on how we can apply technology to this problem. As a Front End Engineer on our Search & Discovery team, you will enable the next generation of our discovery experience by building ambitious web applications, on the edge of what is possible with today's browsers. You'll work closely with a variety of people in the business to arrive at the best solution, immediately see the impact of your work, and get feedback directly from users. We're looking for people who are interested in building software systems to an incredibly high standard, comfortable working across multiple languages, and learning new technologies as needed. You will: Push the boundaries of modern front end engineering to build elegant, intuitive and optimized web applications Work closely with our Product Team and Design Team to identify, design and build features that have a significant business impact Work in small, nimble teams and form part of a highly talented guild that determines front end direction and best practices. You might: Build UIs to schedule multi party communication with heavy constraints Develop innovative interfaces that enable intuitive discovery and exploration of structured knowledge Launch new product initiatives that delight our clients and differentiate our services You might be a fit if you: Have at least 3 years of industry experience Are passionate about delivering high performance solutions Have a solid understanding of JavaScript fundamentals and also understand the complexities of the DOM and CSS, especially how they interact Know and understand the implications of the latest developments in ECMAScript Navigate and write backend code where necessary React experience a plus We believe a broad spectrum of experience provides a great perspective on solving problems in new and innovative ways. If your background doesn't check all the boxes above, but you are passionate about front end engineering, we’d still love to hear from you. Who you would work with: You would join a dynamic, multinational, and diverse team who enjoy solving interesting problems in a collaborative and distributed environment We have self taught engineers as well as graduates from top Computer Science and Engineering schools Your co workers will include motivated recent graduates as well as experienced industry leaders from companies such as Google and Amazon About AlphaSights: AlphaSights is a leading global industry research platform. We leverage proprietary knowledge search technology powered by machine learning, natural language processing and data science to connect decision makers to globally distributed knowledge faster than ever before. Professionals at investment firms, consultancies, corporations and non profits rely on us to connect them seamlessly with knowledgeable domain experts who help enhance their thinking, inform critical decisions and propel their business forward. Founded in 2008, AlphaSights currently employs nearly 1,000 professionals in nine offices around the globe and regularly ranks as one of the fastest growing companies in the world. AlphaSights has been consistently profitable since 2010, is internally (not VC/PE) funded and pursues a strategy of ambitious long term growth. Find out more: http://engineeringalphasights.com At Hopper, we’re on a mission to make booking travel faster, easier, and more transparent. We are leveraging the power that comes from combining massive amounts of data and machine learning to build the world’s fastest growing travel app one that enables our customers to save money and travel more. With over $235M CAD in funding from leading investors in both Canada and the US, Hopper is primed to continue its path toward becoming the go to way to book travel as the world continues its shift to mobile. Recognized as the fastest growing travel app by Forbes and one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company two years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 40 million times and has helped travelers plan over 100 million trips and counting. The app has received high praise in the form of mobile accolades such as the Webby Award for Best Travel App of 2019, the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016 and Apple’s App Store Best of 2015. Take off with us! THE ROLE A stellar opportunity to have massive impact: join the world class engineering team at the company that’s redefining how people travel. As Software Engineer, you will be directly responsible for designing, implementing, and deploying the complex backend systems that power Hopper’s award winning user experience. IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL: Build robust and performant infrastructure that supports millions of dollars of revenue Ship your first code in days, iterating on features in an agile manner Contribute to the development and delivery of Hopper’s B2B web framework Collaborate with a diverse group of people, giving and receiving feedback for growth Execute on big opportunities, helping Hopper rise to the top of the travel industry A PERFECT CANDIDATE HAS: Thrived in backend engineering positions and delivered user experience at scale The ability to bring leading industry techniques and technologies to the table A strong understanding of distributed systems and how architectural decisions affect performance and maintainability Excelled in cross functional teams, working fluidly with Product Managers, Data Scientists, Mobile Engineers, and other highly skilled specialists A passionate focus on quality, writing testable code that performs and scales BENEFITS Well funded and proven startup with large ambitions, competitive salary and stock options Dynamic and entrepreneurial team where pushing limits is everyday business 100% employer paid medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance plans Access to a 401k (US) or Retirement Savings Plan (Canada) Basic understanding of the language, framework and testing capabilities of existing platform; Helps to translate business requirements into sound, creative designs that effectively weigh business and technical tradeoffs. Works at task level development. Key Responsibilities Works with a cross functional team, uses agile practices, writes, debugs, and delivers code to more senior staff for reviewEnsures on time delivery of owned features from design and implementation through to production troubleshootingLooks for and presents to senior staff, recommended fixes for problems in codeProduces solid, thoroughly tested features with assistance from more advanced developersAble to produce code based on defined requirements and implement feedback provided on workBroad understanding of core programming and computer science conceptsBuilding reusable code for future use In this role, you will obtain: Ability to think from an end user perspectiveAbility to partner with various cross functional teams for direction and consistencyGood problem solving skillsExcellent organizational and communication skillsTeam player and great listenerFluency in the software development lifecycle Required Qualifications 3+ months of internship experience in a related role Preferred Qualifications Rally, Teams, Confluence and other cooperation toolsWeb development tools and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, REACT, Angular, and Java is a plusServer side CSS is a plusREST API is a plusPractical experience of testing tools like Webpack and Lighthouse is a plusCode versioning tools, such as Github is a plus Education You should currently be pursuing a Bachelors degreeHave an anticipated graduation date between May 2020 and August 2021Have a 30 + cumulative GPA Business Overview At CVS Health, we are joined in a common purpose: helping people on their path to better health. We are working to transform health care through innovations that make quality care more accessible, easier to use, less expensive and patient focused. Working together and organizing around the individual, we are pioneering a new approach to total health that puts people at the heart. We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day. CVS Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring or promotion based on race, ethnicity, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability or protected veteran status or on any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable federal, state, or local law. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities. Every day, journalists at the New York Times report more than 200 stories from dozens of countries around the world on topics ranging from major international events to the best way to roast a chicken. Those stories are read, listened to and watched by millions of users across our web and mobile products. All engineers at The New York Times take great pride in building products that live up to the quality and reputation of our journalism. . We value transparency and openness, diversity, learning, community, and continuous improvement. Check out some of our Times Open blog posts, written by engineers and other technical team members: on working remotely , on developing your career , and working with next gen technology . Follow us @nytdevs on Twitter to see what we’re up to and come be a part of the digital revolution of a 168 year old institution with a “ mission worth believing in .” As a frontend engineer at the New York Times, you will have the opportunity to work on the most impactful surfaces of our products, from custom editing interfaces for our journalists to web, mobile and email products for millions of users around the world. You can also contribute to the development of new products beyond our core journalism, such as the Crossword and NYT Cooking. We are looking for frontend engineers of all levels and backgrounds to join our product teams. We have a number of teams currently looking for frontend engineers. Some of the teams hiring are: Customer Product Have a meaningful impact on the future of the business by improving the experience of subscribing to the Times. App Presentation Take a lead role in architecting and implementing a design system for our core product’s home screen. CMS Join the team that builds the tools that our journalists use to do their work. Cooking Enrich people’s lives by making them better, more confident cooks. Games Play a role in the development of new and existing Games at the Times! Audio The Audio team is new within the New York Times focused on building a new audio product. Join a new and growing team of developers who will be working to support the new audio product. As a Frontend Engineer, you will: Join a cross functional team that includes peers from design, product and often editors from the newsroom Work with current technologies including React, GraphQL and CSS Modules Have a voice in the direction of our products Work at scale to help deliver our journalism to millions of users around the world Have the opportunity to work with all parts of the stack and contribute to broader architectural discussions within the organization Be encouraged to participate in open source projects and share your work at conferences and the Times Open blog. To thrive in this role, you should: At least one year of professional experience working with current web technologies Be able to work in a highly collaborative environment with peers from different backgrounds and skill set Enjoy finding creative solutions to technical challenges and appreciate the balance between strong convictions and a pragmatic approach Show curiosity about the world and a desire to learn and grow Have pride in your work Culture and Benefits We’ve won more Pulitzer Prizes than any other organization (including three in 2018), and you can celebrate with the award winners in our newsroom. We believe diversity fuels innovation and creativity, and we have a variety of employee groups dedicated to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We are a New York based engineering organization with a remote friendly workplace that includes engineers around the world. We are committed to career development and have a formal mentoring program. We encourage our engineers to participate in conferences and we frequently host talks by industry leaders (Sheryl Sandberg, Melinda Gates and Ta Nehisi Coates are a few recent examples). Every person within the tech organization is expected to spend five full days focusing on learning. We have a generous tuition reimbursement program and you can use this time on career relevant activities like attending a formal class, internal company training, online training, a self developed learning program or even by teaching others. We run a Maker Week event twice a year, where Design, Product, Project, Marketing and Technology come together to work on compelling, creative, cross functional projects. This role may require limited on call hours. An on call schedule will be determined when you join, taking into account team size and other variables. On call hours are unpaid, unless informed otherwise by your manager. Benefits and Perks: Make an impact by supporting our original, independent and deeply reported journalism. We provide competitive health, dental, vision and life insurance for employees and their families We support responsible retirement planning with a generous 401(k) company match. We offer a competitive parental leave. We are committed to career development and ongoing learning supported by a formal mentoring program as well as $8,000 annually for tuition reimbursement. We have frequent panel discussions and talks by a wide variety of newsmakers and industry leaders. Join a community committed to the richness of diversity, experiences and talents in the world we cover, supported by a variety of employee resource groups. #LI NC1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. ABOUT THE TEAM AND ROLE We're looking for an experienced software developer to join theSkimm's Tech team as a Software Engineer on the Backend team. Our mission is to enable our partners across theSkimm, from Editorial and Audio to Marketing and Advertising, to achieve their goals with the best systems and processes we can offer. We build tools throughout the stack, share knowledge across departments, and learn quickly so we can take best advantage of what's coming. Reporting to the Director of Backend Engineering, you'll be responsible for designing and building our core APIs and infrastructure, which support all our products and services across several platforms. You'll help set the direction of our technical decisions, and lead engineering squads as they develop and refine our systems. You'll collaborate closely with our Frontend, Mobile and Data teams, as well as our Operations, Editorial, and Marketing teams who leverage the data and services you will create. WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR 4 or more years of industry experience building scalable, secure and resilient API endpoints and databases Demonstrated experience with Ruby on Rails or a similar MVC framework Eagerness and ability to learn new technologies / libraries / approaches quickly Ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast paced, collaborative, and high growth environment Facility in presenting and discussing the trade offs in employing different engineering solutions to a problem, valuing pragmatism over idealism WHAT WOULD SET YOU APART Experience with CI/CD techniques and tools, including CircleCI, GitHub Actions, and the related processes that support them Familiarity with key components of the AWS suite of tools (EC2, RDS, S3, CloudFront, Route 53, and others) Familiarity with container architectures Experience in content delivery architectures and related businesses Experience in securing and managing sensitive data and PII Familiarity and enthusiasm for theSkimm: a passion for our audience and mission WHAT WE OFFER Comprehensive insurance plans, commuter benefits and 401(k) starting on your first day Competitive salary & equity packages Flexible vacation policy and generous holiday observances One Medical Membership Gym membership reimbursement Complimentary access to theSkimm's growing suite of membership products The opportunity to be part of a values driven, hardworking and diverse group of people building a membership company that makes it easier to live smarter ABOUT THESKIMM theSkimm is a membership company dedicated to helping female millennials live smarter lives. By seamlessly integrating into our members existing routines, we've become a trusted brand to more than seven million people. We're fundamentally changing the way our members consume news, consider products or services, and take action on important things happening in their lives. Our flagship product, the Daily Skimm, is still the fastest growing email newsletter on the market, and we've grown our product suite to fit into other routines at home, work, and on the go. theSkimm App debuted at #1 in News in iTunes, our podcast "Skimm'd from The Couch" reached #1 in Apple Podcasts within hours of launching, and more than 200,000 people voted with us in the 2018 midterm elections. As theSkimm grows, we're committed to helping our members tackle big decision making moments in life by giving them the information they need to make informed and empowered choices whether that be in civic engagement, finance, career, health, and more. Founded in 2012 by two friends on a couch, we've since grown to over 100 employees based in NYC. We are passionate. We are a TEAM. We work hard, but we know when to take a break to enjoy each other's company. Our products help people live smarter lives and we're building a brand trusted by millions of female millennials across the country. Join us! This is a full time role based in New York, NY. The New York Times is seeking a creative and motivated software engineering intern to join the Research and Development team this spring. In this role, you will be embedded on a team of engineers, designers, journalists and creative technologists and contribute to the work of one of our research areas. This internship is for currently enrolled undergraduate and graduate students, or those who graduated Spring of 2020 or later. To Apply: Please include links to a portfolio of related work and a code sample on your resume. About Our Team: Every day, journalists at the New York Times report more than 200 stories from dozens of countries around the world on topics ranging from major international events to the best way to roast a chicken. Those stories are read, listened to and watched by millions of users across our web and mobile products. The New York Times R&D team explores the near future of news and information by identifying emerging technologies and shifting user behaviors that may influence journalism. Exploration areas include machine learning (like natural language processing and computer vision), spatial computing (like 3D graphics and AR/VR), and media transmission (like capture and transmission of audio, video, or 3D content) for journalism. We explore potential scenarios and identify opportunities for taking action, using a mix of strategic forecasting, human centered design, and speculative prototyping. With these insights, we develop new technical capabilities that can be employed in the service of journalism. During the Internship, You Will: Have the opportunity to focus on one engineering project for the duration of the internship. Recent R&D intern projects have included exploring new ways to navigate travel content using NLP, building augmented reality story formats, designing the interface for an AI assisted newsroom tool, and using computer vision to more accurately search The Times’ archives. Join an interdisciplinary team of engineers, designers, journalists and creative technologists. Be matched with a teammate to guide you throughout the spring. About You: You have a portfolio of school and personal projects in topics related to the R&D team’s research areas. You have hands on experience with at least one specialized technology relevant to R&D research areas such as: WebGL, gaming engines (Unity, Unreal), or machine learning frameworks (pytorch/Tensorflow/Caffe). You have a solid grasp of basic web development, and know how to deploy apps to the cloud. You enjoy finding creative solutions to technical challenges. You have an interest in journalism and a desire to build amazing, innovative experiences for our readers. You are entrepreneurial and self sufficient. You're a curious person — you continually seek out additional knowledge and viewpoints. You have an enthusiasm for The New York Times and its products/experiences. About Our Spring Internships: The program is 10 weeks long. You will work remotely during the spring. Interning at The New York Times is a unique opportunity to work at a historic and innovative global media organization dedicated to enhancing society by creating, collecting and distributing high quality news and information. You will be helping to power, distribute and expand what is possible for our award winning journalism. NYT interns benefit from competitive pay, great perks and influential networking opportunities. The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. Messari is a fast growth startup in New York that is building the next generation data layer for the global cryptoasset community. We believe data is knowledge, and with knowledge, you can invest with confidence. But getting information you can trust in the crypto world is hard. Our mission is to drive factual crowd sourced information and data transparency across every corner of the emerging token ecosystem by building an open data library for blockchain projects and cryptoassets. We are applying ideas of open data and crowdsourcing to financial services, giving investors the tools they need to separate the wheat from the chaff, and helping enable smarter regulation along the way. Are you passionate about crypto finance? Do you daydream in the overlap between open source coding and Freakanomics? Do you want to help change the world and build the core data infrastructure for the next 100 years? Then we want to talk to you. We’re looking for a dedicated, methodical, and versatile backend engineer with the experience and passion to solve tough problems with scalable high performance code. We need someone who can quickly adapt to shifting approaches, situations, and priorities. You will work in a team with fellow engineers to create highly scalable, distributed web services that serves millions of requests a day. About the job Build and deploy our core data platform, and infrastructure services working in a combination of Java, Go, and NodeJS. Design and implement a fleet of microservices backed by Kubernetes supporting a dynamically scalable architecture. Integrate real time data feeds from exchanges, compute real time metrics, and deliver to strict SLA requirements with a robust API, under the hood working closely with Postgres, BigQuery, and other data stores. Experience working with crypto exchange APIs is a plus. About you You write killer well structured Java, Go and Nodejs code. You have experience architecting and developing large scale distributed systems. Experience in concurrency, multithreading and synchronization is a plus. You are a passionate Mission First, Team Always person with a strong drive to do important and valuable work. You ship. You take ownership, you move with a sense of purpose, and you deliver results. You measure twice and cut once. You think carefully about a problem, plan how to execute it, and then make it happen. You know how to take a break, and are passionate about life both inside and outside the office. The Job Bowery is looking for a Software Engineer! Engineering teams at Bowery have a high degree of autonomy. Software engineers work closely with design and product to build features, platforms and solve technical problems. Working at bowery you will help build the platform that will revolutionize real estate appraisal. Who You Are An engineer who's comfortable working on dynamic teams. Someone who can both see the big picture and communicate clearly the steps required to deliver. You enjoy taking the time to help your co workers succeed putting the team's success above your own. At Bowery, we value humble contributors with high end communication skills, open minds, and high degrees of conscientiousness. Responsibilities Build features, fix bugs and tackle tech debt as part of an engineering team Contribute to agile ceremonies Support our internal users Write technical documentation Test software, manual and automated Learn and improve Qualifications 1 4 years experience writing software: Experience with Javascript or C# Experience writing web applications Outstanding personal skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Working knowledge of OO programming Experience using git with medium or large teams Nice to have: TDD experience Knowledge of Domain Driven Development Experience with NoSql databases Experience with Docker Experience with AWS Experience with Jira Perks Stock options Medical, vision, dental coverage Commuter benefits Generous PTO Company events And more! Professional non internship experience with front end, web or mobile software development using JavaScript, HTML and CSS Experience with object oriented design Amazon Advertising operates at the intersection of e Commerce and Advertising, offering a range of digital advertising solutions with the goal of helping our customers discover and shop for anything they want to buy. Advertising is an extension of the shopping experience and as consumers watch more video than ever, a viewing revolution is underway in how people consume video and connect with brands. People are watching more video and shopping online more than ever, but the viewing medium is shifting from traditional broadcast and cable TV to connected TVs and OTT apps. As viewing habits shift, a tremendous opportunity is emerging to shape the future of video advertising and shopping experiences. Do you want to be part of a new program to drive innovation within Amazon Advertising in this emerging space? Does the opportunity to build new advertising experiences on a cross functional team with a startup mentality excite you? We are a stealth program inventing new ad formats for the living room screen, run with the notion that we are here to serve and understand consumers, advertisers and publishers better than anyone else. We build large scale, high profile consumer facing products to change the way people shop from advertising. If you are passionate about speed, innovation, collaborative problem solving and advocating on behalf of the customer, join our insurgent team to be a part of the next generation of advertising experiences. Job Responsibilities: Building scalable, well designed software, and strive to constantly improve our technical foundation and user experience. Direct impact on your customers by making it easy and efficient for these suppliers to advertise their brands and products, increase sales and improve the Amazon shopper experience Build the next generation of intelligent self service video advertising tools Impact and Career Growth: Use your rare combination of solid coding background, good design sense, an aptitude to apply cutting edge technologies at scale Opportunity to challenge the status quo and raise the bar on every service and feature built. Sharpen your skills in major end to end deliverables in design and implementation Collaborate with fellow software engineers, UX designers, product managers, technical program managers, and partner teams Amazon is investing heavily in building a world class advertising business. With a broad mandate to experiment and innovate, we are growing at an unprecedented rate with a seemingly endless range of new opportunities. Ability to convert a design document into a working service with no loss in fidelity Domain expertise in ReactJS, NodeJs or a modern front end framework Advanced CSS skills Experience influencing professional software engineering practices for shipping and supporting great software services Experience mentoring other software engineers to improve their skills and make them more effective and productive Strong advocacy of agile engineering practices Success with continuous integration and deployment practices Familiarity with the online advertising or e commerce industry General awesomeness in software engineering and life Experience developing front end software, with deep experience in one or more relevant front end frameworks (React, Webcomponents, etc.) Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Altonomy is a cryptocurrency trading, asset management and aftermarket advisory firm. Founded by veteran traders, Altonomy has been the market leader for liquidity management, crypto to crypto/crypto to fiat OTC trading as well as asset management solutions. Our partners include the industry's top market cap crypto projects, exchanges and hedge funds. Our global team and network, proven track record and best in class infrastructure enable us to be the trusted secondary market partner in a volatile market. Altonomy is looking for someone to partner with the trading team and other developers to design, build and roll out solutions that will optimize complex workflows, assist Senior Engineers with the full development cycle and have a strong understanding of data structures and algorithms. POSITION SUMMARY Work with Technology Lead to Develop and own key components of the technology stacks that supports our global cryptocurrencies trading desks and related operations Assist Technology Lead to build tools, reports and feeds to meet end to end business needs from Traders, Quants and Operations Interact effectively with high volume trading desks and partner operations areas to understand day to day requirements and issues timely resolution for live applications Contribute to inter team and cross team efforts to enforce standards and ensure designs adhere to optimum patterns Work closely with existing global team to provide 24x7 support coverage EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering Python and C++ experience preferred Familiarity with Unix like operating systems 3 6 years’ experience working in a high performance team, preferably within a premier investment bank, hedge fund or proprietary trading firm SKILLS/ABILITIES Good communication skills and experience working closely with Traders and/or Quants Must be able to work independently Interest in and good understanding of both traditional finance and cryptocurrency markets Experience with other technologies such as React, JavaScript, SQL, Machine Learning, Big Data, Blockchain is a plus Fair understanding of finance and trading concepts At Vimeo, we love designing and engineering tools that combine power with ease of use. Our engineers work on professional grade video tools for our users, and have the opportunity to do way more than write code. We're a small team that cares about collaboration, encourages curiosity, celebrates technical excellence, and is driven by careful attention to detail and planning for the future. We believe diversity of perspective and experience are key to building great technology and believe that the best way to iterate towards success is by taking care of ourselves, our families, our users, and one another. What you'll do: Build and improve tools for video creators that combine high quality user experience with performance and scalability Work closely with our Design and Product teams to move projects from conception to launch, then iterate and test new features Write clean, well tested, and performant library and product code for our Front end platform, using JavaScript, Typescript, React and styled components Grow technically and professionally in a collaborative and inclusive environment with opportunities to learn and share with others Skills and knowledge you should possess: A proven understanding of JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, and the DOM A strong eye for product design and interactivity, and unwavering attention to detail Big picture thinking: understand how individual parts fit into the whole, and problem solve for scale and efficiency Experience with the React framework Good knowledge of Css, Styled components Experience working on the server side when necessary (PHP, Python, Java, Go, NodeJs, etc.) Experience working with Restful APIs An understanding of basic performance optimization for web applications Ability to communicate and collaborate respectfully and effectively with both technical and non technical teams Attention to detail–whether building a tool for reviewing videos or processing subscription payments, the details are essential on a team entrusted with supporting the work of hundreds of thousands of professional videographers and businesses About us: Vimeo is the world's leading professional video platform and community. We empower over 200 million users — from creatives to entrepreneurs to the world's largest brands — to grow their business with video. Our products make it easy to create high quality, impactful videos and to reach teams, audiences and customers anywhere. Vimeo is powered by a growing team of over 650 passionate, dedicated humans. We're headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. We believe our impact is greatest when our workforce represents the diverse and global community that we serve, and we're proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity and inclusion is prioritized in how we build our products, leaders and culture. Learn more at wwwvimeo.com/jobs. Program Overview: The selected candidate(s) will work on web applications and web services. We are seeking candidates that have a strong foundation in programming, with a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related study/field, excellent oral and written communication skills. Candidate Profile: Military Veteran OR recent college graduate with a Bachelor's degree in any of the following concentrations: Information Systems Computer Science Related STEM discipline Tech Savvy Availability to work full time Immediate start date Able to pass an extensive background (if selected) Essential Duties: Participate in the full project life cycle including gathering requirements, system design, implementation, testing, deployment, and support of applications Follow standard methodologies and Agile practices to produce high quality applications in an efficient manner Other duties and/or projects as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science Solid understanding of Object Oriented Design and Programming. Solid understanding of web application development processes, from the layout/user interface to relational database structures. Understanding the full life cycle of a software product. Knowledge of SAP preferred. Ability to work within an Agile team environment. Legally authorized to work in the US (no sponsorship now or in the future). A problem solver with a keen eye for detail. Able to engage yourself in a project and enjoy the challenges and processes involved. Eager, ambitious, and adaptable to change. General Skills: Excellent written and verbal English communication skills. Organizational and problem solving skills. Ability to manage multiple priorities concurrently. Willingness to learning new technologies and models. Team player. Self starter with the ability to independently resolve issues and deliver results. A strong aptitude in IT and the interest and drive to expand your IT skill set. Location: New York Metro Area Compensation: Full Time Compensation: $2000/Hour (Plus Benefits) About WOS Founded in 2005, Workforce Opportunity Services (WOS) is a nonprofit dedicated to recruiting, training and placing underserved and veteran job seekers into long lasting careers at prominent organizations. To date, WOS has served 5,300+ individuals through partnerships with more than 65 corporations in 60+ locations worldwide. For more information, visit wforceorg Job Decription Seeking a candidate with 5+ years experience in .Net and related Web technologies to architect, design and support complex clinical applications. Candidate must have extremely strong technical design skills and be able to thrive in a fast paced, dynamic environment. The candidate must strongly participate in all phases of software lifecycle development, particularly in the analysis and design of technical specifications, coding, testing and implementation. Role & Responsibilitys Confers with designated analysts and project managers to develop technical solutions and proposals. Designs, builds, implements and supports enterprise wide clinical software systems and services. Participates in all phases of software lifecycle development, particularly in architecting, coding, and implementation. Ability to understand and translate application requirements and user needs into software specifications along with demonstrated ability to analyze current and proposed functionality and propose enhancements. Qualifications Bachelor Degree in computer science or related experience. 5+ years of development experience required, preferably in healthcare. Experience developing AspNET applications using C#. Experience with relational databases required, preferably MS SQL Server. Experience with web technology: JavaScript, Ajax, Jquery/JSON, Html/CSS, XML, IIS administration. Truveris is a digital health company that partners with employers, brokers, and pharmaceutical companies to dramatically improve people’s ability to afford and access prescription drugs. With expertise and technology solutions that span across the prescription drug ecosystem, we deliver the outcomes people and businesses need to thrive. We are on a mission to transform the pharmacy benefit industry and are backed by leading venture capital firms including Canaan Partners, First Round, New Atlantic Ventures, New Leaf Venture Partners, Tribeca Venture Partners and McKesson Ventures. In 2018, Truveris was ranked as one of the fastest growing technology companies in the US. by Deloitte, Crain's, and Inc. POSITION SUMMARY As a Software Engineer, you are a critical resource, working across teams to build and enhance our products. We welcome full stack engineers, passionate backend engineers, and engineers that are enthusiastic about data. We have mid level, senior and tech lead openings. Collaboratively across teams, you will have the opportunity to build creative solutions to business and technical challenges. In this role, you will act as an expert in your domain area and serve as a partner to Product; all the while promoting best practices and mentoring other engineers within your team. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop new products and features using leading edge technology Work closely with our QA team to ensure the operation and correctness of new product features through test driven development (TDD) Provide technical input and knowledge to your scrum team for the planning, design, and requirements process for new products and features Collaborate with other engineers to review code and participate in pair programming Drive architecture for complex products by determining current limitations and coming up with creative solutions Improve the performance, maintainability, and operations of the code base QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in related discipline (Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, etc.) or a combination of education and related experience Strong written and verbal communication skills to easily work across the organization 5+ years of professional coding experience (with 2+ of those years using Python) Strong expertise in using modern python frameworks Knowledge of RDBMS (PostgreSQL, Redshift, etc.) Experience in mentoring less experienced team members Knowledge utilizing Atlassian Suite (Jira/Confluence/BitBucket) Experience with Linux/Unix (know your way around a shell) Experience with AWS preferred Experience with front end frameworks like React preferred Work with big data tools such as Apache Spark preferred Strong refactoring skills Experience in API design Experience in building scalable systems Good understanding of security/access control, high availability, multi threading, and concurrency patterns Ability to work in Scrum/Agile software team Ability to work with a diverse group of people in a collaborative environment Truveris provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. C++ Developer – Trading SystemsResponsibilitiesDesigning and implementing a high frequency trading platform, which includes collecting quotes and trades from and disseminating orders to exchanges around the worldOptimizing this platform by using network and systems programming, as well as other advanced techniques to minimize latencyDeveloping systems that provide easy access to historical market data and trading simulationsCreating tools to analyze data for patternsBuilding risk management and performance tracking toolsShaping the future of the Core Engineering team through regular interviewing and occasional campus recruiting tripsQualificationsA degree in computer scienceA strong background in data structures, algorithms, and object oriented programming in C++Strong problem solving abilitiesThe ability to manage multiple tasks in a fast paced environmentWorking knowledge of LinuxKnowledge of any other development language, including Java, Python, or Perl and Shell scripts (a plus)Keywords: C++ ProgrammerSoftware DeveloperComputer Systems EngineerEmployment TypeFull timeNumber of Hires1 10Visa SponsorshipNoAbout VirtualFair: Virtualfair is every Recruiter’s Best Friend. It is a hiring platform that assists both job seekers and recruiters for the best virtual interview experience. Virtualfair saves time and resources to help companies hire, while we also commit to delivering the best potential candidates to our clients, like Nike, Pierpoint, Office Depot, and more through sourcing and engaging. Virtualfair offers an improved process for engagement, creating awareness, and pipelining candidates. VirtualFair features include: Invites and screens diverse qualified candidatesIntuitive video platform with no attendee limitOne on One breakout sessions with recruitersJob Type: Full timePay: $000 per yearWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 Atlassian is continuing to hire with all interviewing and on boarding done virtually due to COVID 19. All new and existing Atlassians will continue to work from home until it’s safe to return to our offices. When our offices re open, every Atlassian will have the choice to work from an office or from home. Here at Trello, we celebrate the many ways we work. With a team of over one hundred, we connect from Atlanta coworking spaces, Minnesota forests, Hawaii beaches, our beautiful headquarters in Manhattan, and many other locations. Trusted by over 50 million users, Trello is the visual collaboration tool that crafts a shared perspective on any project. We serve 1 Billion API requests per day, and handle 15 million concurrent users at peak. We're always excited to hear from hardworking developers, eager to help us push the limits of what Trello does! We expect our developers to contribute more than just code. You’ll be involved in defining how things work, what they do, and why we do that instead of something else. We also expect you to share your knowledge and expertise with everyone else. In other words, we’re all whole humans and expect the same from you. If that interests you, read on to learn more about the role. Key Responsibilities: Work closely with the rest of the team and across the organization with product managers, design, marketing, other teams across Atlassian to create meaningful information for the organization Putting data to work for everyone by building services and pipelines, instrumenting analytics in all of our repositories (front and back end), and making sure we’re collecting and using all the of the right information in reliable and scalable ways Proactively optimize client and server code to ensure testability, stability and high performance Using your experience, intuition, and analysis to decide where we should focus next More About You You don’t hate data. You’ve slung some SQL and maybe done some horrible things in Excel You aren’t afraid to dig into customer analytics to help shed light on user problems. Communication is important for you – we share knowledge and work with other teams to reach solutions You value progress over perfection, and work in shippable increments Technology stack agnostic – we use what we need to get the job done You are familiar with front end frameworks, maybe React (what we’re aggressively migrating to) or Backbonejs (our legacy framework) You have experience building out RESTful APIs for web applications You have experience monitoring and operating a production level service You have a track record of shipping value to customers You get excited about teaching and mentoring junior developers You strive to write code that lasts for years, not months You have an excellent command of written and spoken English US. Bachelor or higher degree, or its equivalent, in Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Systems Management or a closely related field of study. Some of the technologies we use (you are not expected to know them all!): Javascript family & Friends (Nodejs, Typescript, ECMAScript, React what we’re aggressively migrating our front end to, Backbonejs our legacy framework) SQL & Friends (Pandas, SQL, Databricks) Python Docker AWS Services (Kinesis, SQS, Redshift, Athena) MongoDB Redis SignalFx More about our benefits Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more. More about Atlassian Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like minded colleagues who are motivated by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Learn more about Atlassian’s culture, interviewing flow, and hiring process by checking out our Candidate Resource Hub. Summary Posted: Sep 8, 2020 Role Number:200188765 At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming phenomenal products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. You bring passion, and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Apple Pay Payments Engineering is the place to be if you are passionate about working on awesome technology that impacts our millions of users daily. As part of this team, you will have the opportunity to explore and contribute to a wide variety of interesting projects. We would love to hear from you if you're enthusiastic, highly motivated, and want to make an impact! Be a part of an innovative impactful team making a difference. Key Qualifications Minimum 5 years of professional experience as a software engineer with a strong Computer Science background Knowledgeable or experienced in building highly scalable and performant RESTful web services Proficiency in modern programming languages, preferably Java. Scala, Python, C++ or other JVM based languages are acceptable Motivated, self starter with strong problem solving skills, ability to communicate thoughtfully and a keen eye for building great products. Knowledge of databases both SQL and NoSQL and entity relationship modeling Experience building and leading projects for complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers at scale Description This position is for a Senior Software Engineer within the Apple Pay Payments Engineering team. You will be highly self motivated and passionate about the challenges of building large scale systems and features used by hundreds of millions of users. You should be a collaborative teammate and have excellent communication and presentation skills. Job functions include: Designing and developing highly reliable, scalable server platforms with attention to detail Drive independently a project from inception to production deployment with a strong focus on performance and robustness Follow our software development process including writing unit tests, perform code reviews etc. Ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly Work effectively with cross functional teams to develop features Provide support for production deployments Demonstrate ability to deliver results on time with high quality Education & Experience BS in Computer Science or equivalent, MS preferred. Additional Requirements Any of the following experience below is an advantage:Experience working in paymentsExperience in financial technology industryPublic cloud platforms (AWS, GCP etc)Experience with Docker and Kubernetes Company Description Square builds common business tools in unconventional ways so more people can start, run, and grow their businesses. When Square started, it was difficult and expensive (or just plain impossible) for some businesses to take credit cards. Square made credit card payments possible for all by turning a mobile phone into a credit card reader. Since then Square has been building an entire business toolkit of both hardware and software products including Square Capital, Square Terminal, Square Payroll, and more. We’re working to find new and better ways to help businesses succeed on their own terms—and we’re looking for people like you to help shape tomorrow at Square. Job Description Our Global Communications team is made up of tough, quick witted, entrepreneurial, and intellectually curious people. We communicate to the world Square's purpose of economic empowerment and our mission to empower businesses and individuals with easy to use, elegant tools that give them an advantage where they previously had none. Square is looking for a creative engineer to join the Corporate Purpose function of our team, a diverse group of individuals that uses data, design, and storytelling to advocate for Square's brand globally. Reporting to our Design Lead, you will bring technology to our creative process daily. As our first creative engineering hire, you will help conceptualize and deliver creative web experiences beyond the current scope of our web content platform and build the Square, Inc. hub from the ground up. The front end interactions you bring to life will create remarkable experiences for all of our audiences. You are well versed in an appropriate mix of development and prototyping platforms and tools, and know how to select the best platform for the task. You create code that is flexible and can be iterated upon, and pride yourself on being up to date with the latest best practices. Thriving on exploration and experimentation, you are at the heart of co creating ideas and bringing them to life. Your skill set complements your application of technology including but never limited to: a precise eye for intelligent UX, great design, and good foundation in strategy. For consideration, please submit a link to your portfolio or samples of past work*** You will: Participate in concept development iteration Develop prototypes coming out of ideation to create custom content experiences (ie. infographics, interactive tools and more) and quickly demonstrate what an idea looks and feels like in life Work creatively through and around perceived limitations and challenges imposed by the delivery platform to create delightful experiences for customers Evaluate and document any new creative or engineering standards or patterns that could arise from your work Participate in team strategy discussions and brainstorms Create and own product road maps Qualifications You have: BS in Computer Science or a related technical field, and 5+ years of relevant work experience Front end development HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Backend development Familiarity of Ruby, Java or other backend languages A portfolio of work that displays responsive web examples, iconography, typography, color, and imagery An understanding of web standards, browser performance, and basic UX/UI principles A history of collaboration with other non technical teams Skills to clearly communicate complex problems to any audience in verbal, visual, or written formats. Even better: Experience with Adobe Creative Suite and Figma Experience with animation and motion for the web Experience with D3js Additional Information At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)squareupcom. We will treat your request as confidentially as possible. In your email, please include your name and preferred method of contact, and we will respond as soon as possible. Perks At Square, we want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes: Healthcare coverage Retirement Plans Employee Stock Purchase Program Wellness perks Paid parental leave Paid time off Learning and Development resources Company Description Twitter is what’s happening and what people are talking about right now. For us, life's not about a job, it's about purpose. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we'll do what's right (not what's easy) to serve the public conversation. Job Description Who We are: Twitter's Discovery teams are dedicated to getting the majority of the world to converse in public using Twitter. We are composed of many teams across the company, including Product, Engineering, Design, and Research. These teams are responsible for understanding the needs of all users including new users and users who are not very active, and help them discover the value of Twitter by building personalized products. The mission is to instantly connect people with conversations and audiences most meaningful to them! We realize this goal involves work in areas such as machine learning, applied data science, recommendation systems, and information retrieval systems. Do you want to make a huge impact while working with large data sets at scale? If so, a Discovery team is a good fit for you! Qualifications What You’ll Do You'll work with an awesome team of engineers, product managers, data scientists, researchers, and designers to build experiences powered by large scale recommender systems. This includes: Working with product engineers to identify product metrics that causally impact business metrics. Applying data mining, machine learning and/or graph analysis techniques to a variety of modeling, relevance, and recommendation problems to build production quality solutions that balance complexity and performance. Participating in the engineering life cycle at Twitter, including designing high quality ML infrastructure and data pipelines, writing production code, conducting code reviews, and working alongside our infrastructure and reliability teams. Although you will work on groundbreaking problems, this position is not a research position. Who You Are You have strong product understanding and an intuition for how to use modeling to address product needs. You are not only comfortable with ambiguity but view it as an opening to quickly explore a multitude of options. You can apply advanced statistical and machine learning techniques to model user behavior, build benchmark metrics, and drive causal impact using A/B testing. You have the ability to take on complex problems, learn quickly, iterate, and persist towards a good solution. Requirements: We are currently looking for candidates at multiple levels, from ML SWE2 with an MS or PhD. in Computer Science (or related field) and 2+ years of work experience to Sr level candidates with 5+ years of experience. Experience with one or more of the following: deep learning, reinforcement learning, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar. Experience with data pipelines and large scale data stores. Firm grasp of CS fundamentals, Data structures, and algorithms Experience handling large scale quantitative customer data to solve problems and answer questions Desired Experience collaborating across cross functional teams including analytics, product management, and operations. Hand on experience in at least one of the deep neural networks including FNN, CNN, RNN, Deep Reinforcement Learning Experience with deep learning frameworks such Tensorflow, Pytorch Experience with GCP Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Traditional debt collection is rife with harassment and fraud, producing more consumer complaints than any sector of consumer finance. Debtsy is serious about driving systemic change in a predatory industry. We provide a data driven debt resolution platform that’s built with empathy in mind, empowering borrowers to dispute, negotiate, and resolve their debt without stress or embarrassment while providing unparalleled transparency and compliance to financial institution clients. We have financial institution clients, are backed by top tier fintech venture capitalists, and have grown the number of accounts on our platform by 6x since the beginning of this year. As a software engineer, you will be building the core of the Debtsy product. You’ll have the opportunity to touch many parts of development, including full stack web development, data engineering, machine learning, DevOps, security, and you’ll get first hand experience wearing product and strategic hats as well. At Debtsy, you'll be an early member of a fast growing company. You'll have a large degree of ownership and an outsized impact on our path and ultimate success. We foster a culture of collaboration and open feedback, thoughtful problem solving, and continual learning and growth. Finally, a diversity of perspectives and experiences is important to our team, so we encourage especially those with backgrounds underrepresented in tech to apply. What you might tackle: Create delightful and engaging user experiences for both consumers and financial institution clients Build and refine machine learning models to automate operations and understand the unique financial situation of each borrower Design and build systems that meet our extraordinarily high compliance and security bar at scale Architect and implement mission critical features and product expansions that allow us to serve the largest financial institutions in the country You may be a fit if you: Have solid experience with web frameworks, databases, and building intuitive, user friendly apps. We mostly use type annotated Python3, Flask, and PostgreSQL, but we care more about general engineering skill than knowledge of a particular language. Hold yourself and others to a high bar when working with production systems Enjoy driving projects from ideation to completion and enjoy collaborating with design, product, and other engineers to do so Debtsy is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, disability, age, veteran status, or any other category protected by law. JPMorgan Chase invests over $10 billion annually in technology to empower our agile teams at the forefront of innovation. Blockchain developments have encouraged us to consider the rapidly changing finance industry and how technology can reshape the ways we conduct business. Please join us for an event on Thursday, Oct 1, from 5:00 6:30pm that will share how the evolving blockchain ecosystem has the potential to change the financial world, and how we've already begun embracing opportunities through the Interbank Information Network, Intraday Repo and JPMorgan Coin. The event will be followed by an interactive networking opportunity. If you're passionate about rapidly evolving technologies and have 2+ years of experience in CS/CE, distributed computing, APIs, or technical product management, we want to meet you! When you register you will receive the details to join the virtual eventJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans The Securities Services Technology Engineering & Architecture team acts as a catalyst for adoption of industry best practices in software delivery. In this role, the successful candidate will work as a subject matter expert on application architecture, hosting platforms such as Cloud Foundry, Kubernetes and AWS, and the JPMC Enterprise Toolchain (JET). Where gaps in platform/tool offerings exist, the candidate will work with partner teams (CIB E&A, CTO, GTI, CTC) to identify and implement solutions. Essential Skills Demonstrated ability and desire to learn and evaluate new technologies Strong development skills in one or more of Java/Python/C#/JavaScript Experience working in a structured Software Delivery Lifecycle, utilizing Continuous Integration/Delivery Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Strong organizational ability, time and project management skills to juggle many priorities Preferred Hands on experience with Kubernetes Strong knowledge of and experience with JET toolchain Experience working with public cloud platforms (AWS/Azure/GCP) JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans About Ro Founded in 2017, Ro is a patient driven telehealth company that puts you in control of your health. We’re patients, just like you, building technology to make healthcare accessible, affordable, and maybe even enjoyable. Ro powers three digital health clinics Roman for men’s health, Rory for women’s health, and Zero for fighting smoking addiction as well as Ro Pharmacy, a simple and affordable online pharmacy where every medication is $5 per month. The company’s nationwide networking of physicians and pharmacies provides a personalized, end to end healthcare experience from online treatment to the delivery of medication and ongoing care. Ro was named #2 in Wellness on Fast Company’s 2019 list of the World’s Most Innovative Companies, listed by Inc. Magazine as a Best Place to Work in 2020, and earned its Great Place to Work Certification in 2020. Our teams are growing and we are looking for Full Stack Software Engineers of all levels and backgrounds to join us in our mission of being a patient's first call. As a Full Stack Software Engineer at Ro, you’ll build the products and technology that powers Ro's ability to be a patient's first call. You’ll do much more than just write code you’ll be an integral part of the entire product development process, from ideation through delivery and iteration. In collaboration with stakeholders across medical, care, and operations, your work will impact the lives of our members all across the country. You will build technology to help people become a healthier version of themselves, turn physicians into better healthcare professionals and power our increasingly complex operations and fulfillment logistics. What You'll Do: Draw from previous engineering at scale experience to influence and steer improvements within our multi office Engineering organization Build across the full stack from the backend APIs to front end user interfaces to deliver end to end solutions Design and build large scale, distributed, highly available, well tested, and easily managed applications Create and manage new applications to power new product initiatives, and iterate on web applications within our existing Python, Django, Javascript, React stack Work collaboratively with people throughout the company to understand the goals, needs, and priorities of systems and applications What You'll Bring: Engineering experience with a solid understanding of how to design robust and scalable services A solid background in writing understandable, testable, and efficient code in a modern programming language Familiarity with relevant tools and technologies, and have a drive to stay up to date with ongoing changes and advancements Clear communication around technical concepts and ideas to other engineers and the ability to talk to other parts of the organization You have experience using a flavor of version control—we use git and Github to collaborate and manage pull requests We welcome qualified candidates of all races, creeds, genders, and sexuality to apply. See our California Privacy Policy here. Software Management Information Systems Intern (NYC) What You Will Do: Retensa's Technology Interns will work in a fast paced and forward thinking environment to assist in the design, architecture, and deployment of cloud based Software as a Service applications, new websites and mobile application programs. While gaining true hands on experience, you will engage in real world cross functional technology problem solving from the ground up. In addition, the internship provides insight on innovative solutions to help us respond to changing markets with speed and flexibility. This is not a filing and copying internship. The internship is for focused individuals with previous software skills desiring real world experience to expand your knowledge and develop your career in a short period of time. _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Who We Are: Retensa is internationally recognized as a thought leader by ABC News, Forbes, the Wall Street Journal, BusinessWeek, and the New York Times as a leader and innovator of Employee Retention Strategies and Workforce Technology. Retensa provides talent management solutions to mid size and large firms on 5 continents in 15 languages with a mission of creating workplaces where every employee is engaged by what they do, and inspired by who they work for. Retensa helps employers reduce staff turnover, improve morale, and mine HR data for predictive analytics. What We Believe: Retensa views internships as a way to enhance your career and personal growth while we achieve collaborative innovation. As an intern with us, you will be at the forefront of Management Consulting, Cloud Technology, and Rapid Application Development. What You Are: Candidates should be hard working, enthusiastic, and resourceful Seniors or Graduate students in CS, CIS, Web Tech, IT, or MIS. Candidates must have experience in any TWO of the following: 1) Web app development 3) Application Testing 5) Amazon Cloud (AWS) 2) Mobile app development 4) Ecommerce/Merchant Services 6) Software Documentation Required: Strict Minimum 30 GPA. Prior web technology skills of any kind are required. Automation testing experience is preferred. Responsibilities: Reviewing and supporting application standards Supporting implementation of automation testing and bug testing Updating software tools Updating product development methodologies and processes R&D research on the newest technologies and best practices The ideal software engineering intern applicant should be proficient in English and possess good written and verbal communication skills. This person should be a strong team player with a positive attitude. Time: Min 24 32 max hours. Minimum of 3 days/week, part time/flexible hours available. To apply, please submit your application to our Careers Site Due to the high volume of applicants, we may only be able to contact qualified candidates.* Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description The API Engineer collaborates with native developers on their team to build engaging and effective user experiences for Etsy’s native applications. Etsy is seeking an API Engineer to join our Native App Software Engineering team. Our marketplace has an abundance of one of a kind items from independent artists, designers and vintage collectors from around the world. Our challenge? Make it easier for buyers to find these remarkable goods and for creative entrepreneurs to run their businesses. Do you have the skills, passion and empathy to take on this task? Are you excited about building products that thrill our buyers and empower millions of small businesses? About the Team The technical staff at Etsy believe that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture represented by the millions of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our pioneering continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. We primarily write in PHP. Previous experience with PHP is not required as long as you have an interest in learning. Our team has recently launched a feature that leverages augmented reality to help buyers see prints and artwork in their own home, as well as an improved experience for presenting item reviews and policies. Learn more about our engineering philosophies, tools, and some of the challenges we’ve been solving on our Engineering blog: http://codeascraftcom/ About the Role You'll be helping us build high impact products and experiences for people buying and selling with Etsy. You will be contributing primarily in the backend of our web application stack, using technologies like PHP, MySQL, and Memcache. You will be working on a cross functional team that includes product managers, data scientists, data analysts, designers, and other engineers. You are comfortable collaborating closely with product managers and designers, providing estimates or product ideas that will influence your team’s roadmap. Qualifications About You You are an engineer with more than 2 years professional experience in a software/API engineering role or similar Love to, and are able to, learn new systems and technologies. Are interested in monitoring the health and performance of the applications your team owns. Believe automated testing is the way to create great, stable products. Understand the ins and outs of creating an API to be consumed by multiple platforms. Have a “leave it better than you found it” mentality, and are willing to work with and improve on code you did not originally write. Love to experiment and use data to drive decision making. Are generous with your time and experience, and are interested in being a mentor and mentee. Will be a mindful, transparent, and communicative member of your team. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. Apart from excellent problem solving skills and strong technical background, you will be required to understand the challenges that come with working remotely. We will treat you like the professional you are and expect you to understand the needs of your stakeholders and communicate appropriately. Must haves: Excellent communication skills Above average problem solving capabilities The willingness to take responsibility and drive architectural decisions Proven experience with at least one object oriented language Understanding of testable, clean, maintainable code Nice to haves: Be familiar with Swift and iOS Be familiar with Java/Kotlin and Android Some experience with JavaScript, or at the very least be keen on learning Understand common API design and issues Understand end to end testing on mobile applications What is in for you? Apart from the chance to make the internet a better place and the opportunity to work with one of the greatest engineers of all time (he wrote this job description!), we offer fair compensation (salary+bonus), equity, virtual happy hours (at least until COVID 19 passes), a collaborative environment, and more! About Sourcepoint Sourcepoint supports a sustainable media ecosystem through a fair value exchange between consumers and publishers. We provide tools for the advertising ecosystem to protect consumer privacy, manage compliance and optimize revenue in a rapidly changing landscape. Founded by technology veterans and backed by Northzone, Spark Capital, Foundry Group, Accel, and Greycroft, the company works with a wide range of global media companies and was recently awarded the ‘Best use of technology’ at the Digiday Publishing Award and shortlisted as ‘Best Media Technology Partner’ at the AOP Digital Publishing Awards and ‘Best use of technology’ at the Digiday Publishing Awards for its work with Dennis. Learn more at wwwsourcepoint.com. Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of relevant work experience in software development. Experience in software development using a general purpose programming language (eg., C/C++, Java, Python, JavaScript, C#, Go, Objective C, and/or Swift). Experience architecting and developing distributed systems design. Preferred qualifications: Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field. Hands on technical leadership experience leading project teams and setting technical direction. Demonstrated expertise working with one or more of the following: Infrastructure, Machine Learning, Mobile Application Development, Embedded Systems, Front End Development, Security and Privacy. Experience architecting and developing solutions to ambiguous problems with significant impact. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Help build a team and cultivate innovation by driving cross collaboration and execution of projects across multiple teams. Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve the software. Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise. Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. We are looking for a Staff Engineer to join our Glasshouse team in the Financial Engineering mission. The team is responsible for building and maintaining the Financial Data Lake, where business users and data scientists/analysts can go to generate financial reports, run analysis and models, and consume data necessary for evaluating Financial Performance Management. As one of the most senior individual contributors in the product area, you will work as a technical leader across squads, assume technical leadership of projects and champion technical and architectural excellence. You will grow the capabilities of the team by promoting sound engineering practices, facilitating technical strategies and roadmaps, regularly assessing the technical health of teams, and advocating for best practices as it correlates to the Spotify data community. You will embed with specific squads, give focused support and contribute to key projects. You will help ensure that our solutions are scalable, sustainable, and architecturally sound. You are expected to mentor other engineers to support them in their career growth. This is a highly visible and rewarding role with the potential to make an immediate positive impact in an area directly involved in some of Spotify’s top strategic initiatives. We not only provide the foundational core datasets to our users across Finance and the entire company, but also partake in learning and re examining business workflows to improve processes. Who you are You are an experienced technical leader with proven success in fast paced, agile software engineering teams. You have extensive experience in working with financial datasets dealing with compliance and regulatory requirements. You thrive on solving complex problems in an analytical fashion, delivering frequent tactical wins while making progress towards longer term strategic goals. You have extensive architecture and development experience in more than one tier (data, backend, frontend etc.). You are comfortable owning and driving systems all the way from business problems through concept and vision, design, architecture, iterative development and delivery. You have strong coding skills (Java, Scala, Python etc.) and a deep understanding of system design, data structures, and algorithms. You also very much enjoy learning new languages and technologies, in turn bringing the knowledge back to the team. You have extensive experience designing and building both highly reliable traditional back end services & distributed data processing services You have experience building and operating services in cloud environments, preferably GCP You have strong communication skills, an ability to tailor communication style to different audiences, and to exercise good judgment in frequency and nature of communications to different parties (fellow engineers, stakeholders, senior management etc.). You have a solid experience of working cross functionally in an agile development environment. You have an MS in Computer Science (or other related fields) or comparable professional experience. What you’ll do Plan, architect, design, develop, deploy and operate the Financial Data Lake as well as other systems and processes to solve critical business use cases. Assume technical ownership of entire projects, applications and services. Champion technical and architectural excellence. Promote high standards in terms of adherence to best practices. Lead by example in terms of code consistency, performance, robustness, scalability, intuitive APIs and libraries, all of which are core tenets for our solutions. Stay abreast of state of the art technology and engineering developments. Steer towards good tool and technology choices that both fit the problem at hand and aligns with long term visions and roadmaps. Help shape and promote sound engineering practices and software development processes, within and across squads, in an agile, iterative, fail fast environment. Coach and mentor; perform peer code reviews and architectural reviews. Partner with product owners to develop a deep understanding of stakeholder’s business problems, and translate to architectural and technical decisions. Find ways to spread learning across the organization (give internal talks, write on internal blogs, etc)You will be based in You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 271 million users. You are a full stack developer who can bring ideas to life in the digital space. You like architecting out solutions and then implementing them. You work efficiently and comfortably in ticketing systems, and tackle details with precision while keeping an eye on the big picture. You grasp the implications of back end API integrations, and can effectively communicate functional dependencies to back end developers, designers, producers, and clients. You want to build better experiences and use technology to further human progress. Greystone is a national financial services and private investment group and one of the nation’s leading providers of commercial mortgages for multifamily and healthcare properties. We offer a comprehensive line of real estate finance products for our clients. Greystone seeks leaders and team players, candidates who can work in a collaborative environment and possess drive, integrity, creativity, compassion and a strong work ethic. We are Greystone Labs, an innovation team and lender composed of underwriters, software engineers and data scientists. Our goal is to make commercial finance simple, transparent and accessible. For instance, we have developed a cloud based loan model that keeps the whole deal team in sync in real time which allows us to double our production without increasing risk. We leverage large sets of data, web apps and APIs and a sprinkle of genuine machine learning to make lending as streamlined and self sufficient as possible. We are hiring a Front End Engineer to join our team in New York City. We are looking for a resourceful, self directed person to join our team assisting with writing and maintaining reusable, scalable and well tested code. Principal Duties and Responsibilities Develop a SPA in React (Flux/Redux)Leverage external APIs, posting and fetching server responsesDevelop using a test framework, such as JestWrite clean, readable code (and we’re serious about this) Experience, Skills and Abilities Required 5 years prior experienceDegree in Computer ScienceHeroku, Salesforce experience helpfulDetail oriented with strong organizational/project management skillsExcellent verbal and written communications skills At Greystone, we believe that finding creative solutions for our clients comes from the collaboration of people with diverse backgrounds and perspectives. We strive to build an inclusive work environment that celebrates differences and empowers all individuals with opportunities to channel their entrepreneurial spirit. Job Description: The Job: Join a new cross platform team of mobile and web engineers within our Content Experiences team, a new cross disciplinary team that also includes product, design and news roles. This team’s mission is to create new, engaging ways for audiences to experience the Wall Street Journal’s content. The Content Experiences team is part of a new initiative at WSJ to create teams that bring a variety of skill sets together to work on our most important objectives. How our audiences interact with and experience our content is one of the first, and this team will play a critical role in defining how we develop our experience. They will work closely with the Editorial Tools and CMS developers at the Journal so that new experiences are paired with tools our journalists can use to create content for new formats. The Content Experiences team sits with the Journal’s Digital Experience and Strategy unit, which is an incubator for changes and innovative product design and development. It consists of a handful of teams that specialize in everything from data science, to new formats, to reporting for young audiences to experimentation. The unit is integrated with the Journal’s broader product, design and engineering teams so that we are all rowing in the same direction and moving quickly. The unit works closely with the Journal’s editor in chief as well as the broader technology organization at Dow Jones. The Right Person: You are passionate about both user experience and story telling. You’ve thought about the ways the news industry is changing and have worked in product teams focused on delivering content experiences to your customers. You look for the opportunity to solve problems for both content creators and consumers. You strive to solve these problems in a scalable, reusable fashion. You want to lead the conversation around how journalists can introduce different formats and mediums, and how audiences are getting their news in new ways. You know that readers don’t care about what platform or tool they use to get their news and that it should be seamless to them. You are also highly focused as a front end engineer, with strong hands on web or native mobile experience. You can lead technical conversations, creating a strategic plan and leading that plan through execution. You will be a leader in coordination with the web and mobile platform teams in executing changes in our product experiences. We have an open workflow and governance around committing to our platforms, so that our objective based teams like storytelling can make changes directly to platforms. Extensive development experience is a must and a desire to learn new languages and operate across all platforms is helpful. You are someone who frequently takes the lead on important projects and are committed to working within thoughtful team processes. You’re looking for more than just another engineering job. You firmly believe in the public mission of journalism and its importance in our society. You want your work to have an impact. We’d like you to have: At least four years of Web or Mobile (iOS preferred) development experience Experience with React, SwiftUI and Nodejs, while not required, is a huge plus. Experience building user facing, scalable, highly performant websites or mobile applications. Familiarity with API design and cloud based infrastructure and deployments. Hands on experience with AWS is not required but a huge plus. Experience with the software development life cycle, especially Agile and Scrum If this describes you, then we’d love to talk to you! Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjonescom. Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: TECHNOLOGY PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT Job Category: IT Development Group About Us Since 1882, Dow Jones has been finding new ways to bring information to the world’s top business entities. Beginning as a niche news agency in an obscure Wall Street basement, Dow Jones has grown to be a worldwide news and information powerhouse, with prestigious brands including The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones Newswires, Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch and Financial News. This longevity and success is due to a relentless pursuit of accuracy, depth and innovation, enhanced by the wisdom of past experience and a solid grasp on the future ahead. More than its individual brands, Dow Jones is a modern gateway to intelligence, with innovative technology, advanced data feeds, integrated solutions, expert research, award winning journalism and customizable apps and delivery systems to bring the information that matters most to customers, when and where they need it, every day. If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view "Find Jobs Dow Jones." Thank you. Req ID: 18448 Better is redefining homeownership and making it simpler, faster—and most importantly—more accessible for everyone. We leverage technology and expertise to find ways that we can make the homebuying journey more approachable and understandable. Right now we’re funding over $2 billion in home loans per month We’ve funded over $14 billion in loans and $35 billion in insurance We ranked #1 in the US. on LinkedIn's Top Startups 2020 We ranked #11 on Fortune’s Best Places to Work in Financial Services 2020 Our Founder and CEO was named in Comparably's Top 25 CEOs for Diversity We were listed to Forbes’ FinTech 50 2020 And #15 on the 2020 CNBC Disruptor 50 We’ve secured over $254 million from our investors to date Our company is made up of driven, passionate people who bring their unique backgrounds and perspectives to everything we do and we are committed to fostering diversity, multiculturalism, and inclusion. We see the perspectives that each person brings and a diverse workforce as essential for individual and collective success. We believe it’s important to foster a company culture that encourages curiosity and passion—from employee resource groups and learning opportunities to team outings and community outreach. A Better opportunity: Help us hack a thirteen trillion dollar industry by building a product that will allow more people than the status quo to own a home and build wealth rather than rent for life. Better is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join the tech team. Our tech team is small but growing, and you will be a huge part of defining the technical direction and culture. We encourage proposals for projects off the beaten path, experimentation with different frameworks and libraries, and doing as you see fit to seek problems. We also offer above market compensation and equity, as well as full benefits. As a Software Engineer on the Infrastructure and Developer Tools team you will work on the bedrock that all other systems sit on top of. From databases and Kubernetes clusters to CI systems and deployment tools, you will be responsible for the mechanisms that power an engineering team deploying code 50 100 times per day. This team operates with a product driven approach with its own Product Manager and the broader engineering team as its customers. Some examples of current projects: Setting up Spinnaker to do deployments to make all deployable artifacts immutable and provide a GUI for doing rollbacks. Automating provisioning of new environments with isolated networking and Kubernetes clusters on EKS. Improving CI performance and cost Growingour CLI tool to automate day to day tasks for developers Setting up a unified, dockerized, interface for services so that after a fresh clone of the repo on a new machine every service is runnable with a single command from a cold start. Better technology We ship code 50 100 times every day Nodejs, Python (36), and GoLang for services Emberjs, React, Typescript on the frontend ES6 across the stack Postgres for the database, Redshift for our Data warehouse Kubernetes, for deployment and devops AWS for infrastructure, using EKS, S3, CloudFront, Route53, and much more Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience 5+ years of experience in coding in at least one modern lang such as Python, Java, Scala, Nodejs 3+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design of new and existing systems (architecture, design patterns, reliability, and scaling) Experience in building sophisticated production software systems Preferred Qualifications: Demonstrated ability to mentor and develop other team members including junior software engineers Experience defining system architecture(s) and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs and capabilities Startup mentality, ownership, and a proper balance of quality and sense of urgency The Better mission is rooted in values that drive us. We do what’s in the best interest of the consumer, not ourselves We have growth mindsets, not fixed ones We believe that success lies in execution, not credentials We act like owners, not just employees We work to find answers on our own, not wait for them to be given to us We optimize for mission, not ego Our mission speaks for itself—we continue to outpace the industry at every turn. We’ve recently joined forces in partnership with Ally Bank, and our backers have helped build some of the most transformative tech and finance companies in history. Kleiner Perkins, Goldman Sachs, American Express, Citigroup, Activant Capital, Ally Bank, and others have invested in our vision for what homeownership can be. Better is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion or religious creed, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, marital status, family or parental status, disability, military or veteran status, age, or any other basis protected by law. All employment decisions at Better are based on a person’s merit, business needs, and role requirements. Depending on your location, the California Consumer Privacy Act or other laws may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. For further information on how we collect data of job applicants, please click here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. About EnergyWatch: EnergyWatch is an entrepreneurial, private equity backed provider of energy management services and technology to large commercial and corporate real estate portfolios. EnergyWatch helps clients minimize energy consumption, costs, and emissions and improve sustainability through energy analytics, procurement, utility budgeting and reporting, and real time consumption analytics. Through our proprietary cloud hosted energy management platform, EnergyWatch identifies and analyzes the interactive effects of operational and capital improvements on utility supply and delivery costs; measures, verifies, and reports on key performance indicators; and summarizes the results for key decision makers. We’re always working on cool and cutting edge tech that will help us build and scale for rapid growth. We’re looking to bring on talented programmers who will be instrumental in helping EnergyWatch achieve this vision! What you’ll do: Work as a key full stack software engineer of a high performance product development team Work directly with the firm’s Partners and tech team on developing its industry leading energy management and analytics platform Who you are: Team player Detail oriented Strong analytical, verbal & written skills Eager to learn and stay up to date on industry trends Agile software development experience, preferably Scrum Ideal Technical Experience: Languages – Java, Python, Javascript, SQL Frameworks – Java Play, ReactJS, Angular, jQuery, Django Programming Techniques – Microservices, RESTful APIs, OOP, AJAX, Concurrency (threading) Relational DB – Relational databases (PostgreSQL), experience with an ORM (Ebean) NoSQL – Redis, ElasticSearch Tools – Git, NPM, Grunt, Bower Platforms – Heroku, AWS, Unix/Linux and associated shell scripting languages Other – Experience with software design patterns, unit testing, performance / memory analysis Education – Computer Science degree (or equivalent) EnergyWatch offers: Competitive salary 401(k) and company match Paid vacation and holidays Company paid health insurance New open layout office space one block from Penn Station Application Requirements: Resume Samples of your work (website, Github, Stack Overflow, etc) Explanation of why you’d be a good fit for our company Send all of the above to hr@energywatch inccom New York, NY Job Details Description THIS POSITION IS RESERVED FOR GRADUATING SENIORS OF THE HACK REACTOR Software Engineering Program Hack Reactor is a program for gifted students of software engineering. In three months, we transform ambitious amateurs to coding professionals. We are the premier advanced immersive program that trains exceptional full stack Software Engineers. Students train 11 hours a day, 6 days a week, over 12 weeks in a curriculum focused on computer science fundamentals and JavaScript. Employees enjoy a fun, collegial startup environment genuinely committed to employee health and wellness, and filled with talented, hard working, and fun people. You will be surrounded by friendly, brilliant, and mission driven professionals who work hard to provide the best student experience of its kind in the world. SEI Residents assist in training the brightest students in the coding industry in Javascript fundamentals and engineering best practices via our Hackers in Residence Program. SEI Residents are student facing members of the team. What You'll Do Specific job responsibilities may differ from resident to resident, but below are some of the most common: Provide technical guidance and instruction to students pertaining to Javascript and CS fundamentals. Support students in whiteboarding and mock interview practice What We're Looking For Software engineer experience, particularly regarding Javascript knowledge and emerging technologies Passion for education and service Skilled and engaging facilitator/lecturer Can do attitude and a sense of humor Willing, humble, and talented teammate Galvanize provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60 135(c) Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. We’re looking for Staff Software Engineers to balance the role of an individual contributor while also anchoring new projects, leading technical direction and mentoring other engineers on the team. We highly value individuals with intellectual curiosity and openness. We collaborate across the organization, helping our engineers think big and take risks while building a culture of diversity, positive energy and blameless truth seeking. Our engineering team leverages a diverse tech stack and our focus is finding smart engineers who’ve worked on complex projects and we have all the trust you’d be able to pick up whatever tech necessary in the stack. We have openings across a variety of backend teams. Here are a few examples: Exchange: The Exchange team builds and operates the core systems that process and match orders across all of Coinbase (Consumer & Pro). These systems are almost always on the hot path for users so we are constantly working to improve our systems to reduce latency and jitter while maximizing throughput. Backend Platform: The Backend Platform team is focused on building robust architectural foundations, toolsets and a culture for all of Coinbase engineering to build high quality, secure & reliable products. Users: The Users team builds and operates user services such as identity verification, authentication and authorization. You’ll be working with OAuth that powers our mobile clients and third party developers, monrails that power 2FA authentication logic & our institution identity management service. Institutional: The Institutional team builds and operates state of the art execution and storage systems that allow our customer to trade and store millions of dollars of cryptocurrency on any given day. Crypto: The Crypto team builds and maintains the shared infrastructure to make Blockchains and Crypto assets available for products. You’ll work on engineering problems in cryptography, security, blockchain technology and distributed systems, with a focus on enabling Crypto investing and growing the Cryptoeconomy. What you’ll be doing: Architect and develop distributed systems Provide technical structure to teams and work closely with management and stakeholders to define strategic roadmaps Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise Mentor and train other team members on design techniques and coding standards Design and implement foundational infrastructure components used by every engineering team in production (eg. dynamic configuration, secrets storage, container orchestration, etc) Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers What we look for in you: 8+ years of experience in software engineering You’ve experienced architecting and developing solutions to ambiguous problems with significant impact You’re passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together Nice to haves: You have gone through a rapid growth in your company (from 10 to 100s of engineers) You have experience with Blockchains (such as Bitcoin, Ethereum etc.) You have experience decomposing a large monolith into microservices You’ve worked with Golang, Ruby, Docker, Sinatra, Rails, Postgres You’ve built financial, high reliability or security systems Benefits at Coinbase Health, Dental, and Vision insurance covered at 100% for employees and 80% for dependents HSA plan with company seed Disability and Life Insurance 401(k) plan with company match $260 monthly Commuter Benefit Monthly Gym Benefit Volunteer Time Off Fertility Counseling and Benefits Learning and Development stipend 18 weeks paid Parental Leave Meals and Snacks provided onsite The option of getting paid in digital currency 7 year post termination option exercise window (for employees who stay 2 years or more) vs. the industry standard 90 days We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer to join our Platform Data squad, building scalable APIs focused on analyzing website data for our high traffic e commerce partner websites. Bluecore receives over 100 million events per day on services built with Go and gRPC running on Kubernetes and the Google Cloud Platform, leveraging BigQuery, Datastore, and BigTable for storage. It's not enough to develop systems that handle our ever increasing scale, it's also essential that we do so cost effectively with high performance code and resource utilization of our GCP infrastructure. Reliability is another important piece to the puzzle, and we adopt Site Reliability Engineering principles for automating deployments and observability at scale. You’ll be an influential leader, actively coding while simultaneously helping your team design and implement technical solutions. Engineering Culture: Bluecore’s Engineering team is made up of exemplary engineers who believe in working collaboratively to solve complex technical problems and build creative solutions that are as simple as possible, but as powerful as necessary. We emphasize a culture of making good tradeoffs, working as a team, and leaving your ego at the door. As a Staff Engineer at Bluecore, you will join forces with other cross functional engineering teams to build scalable, extensible, reliable, and performant systems that provide significant company and industry level impact. We have clear roadmaps and initiatives, which help us leverage the work we’ve completed. You’ll have ownership over your work, and will be influential in driving the overall growth and success of Bluecore. Responsibilities Design, architect, and build performant, reliable, high quality systems at scale within one or more engineering domains. Be a key contributor on major projects owned by the Platform & Infrastructure tribe, such as: Building out our gRPC services in Go, leveraging the GCP to operate our services effectively at scale; Building out our Go infrastructure, including expanding our use of Go and developing shared libraries to facilitate Go development; Further defining our infrastructure automation and enhancing our CI/CD. Work cross functionally with product managers, data scientists, and cross functional engineers to deliver high quality products. Evangelize Bluecore Engineering internally and externally, including leading initiatives to promote Bluecore Engineering in the wider community. Proactively identify technology opportunities for the company, and push technical ideas, proposals, and plans to the entire organization and beyond through presentations, technical specs, blog posts, and documentation. Lead company wide technical strategy and decisions, and facilitate progress by building consensus amongst Senior Engineering Leadership and Company Leadership. Advise and advocate for best tools, methods, and approaches for the entire Engineering organization. Function as a sought out mentor and leader for a technical domain or set of domains across the company. Increase the technical capabilities and upper limits of your own areas of responsibility and expertise, as well as those of your associated team members. Teach sessions, write documentation, and actively mentor to decrease the ramp up time of new and existing team members. Qualifications Significant programming expertise with statically typed languages, preferably Go. Use of performance optimization tools and past experience in a SRE function is a plus. 10+ years of relevant professional experience, including recent experience in a similar industry or technology space. Experience building MarTech, AdTech, eCommerce, E mail, or Big Data platforms and products highly desirable. BS./BE in one of the following departments (i) Computer Science, (ii) Computer Engineering, (iii) Information Sciences, (iv) Electronics, (v) Mathematics, or relevant field/equivalent work experience. Experience excelling within a high growth, startup environment or building out a new team/function within a larger company is preferred. Experience with technical team mentorship, including guiding other engineers to become more effective technical leaders and providing feedback on best practices in code and design. Ability to identify your team's dependencies on other areas and across functions, communicate effectively to remove any immediate blockers, and propose and implement process changes that strengthen and maintain efficiency. Strong communication skills with internal stakeholders on long term development plans, as well as in articulating short term issues and delivery. Proven track record of successfully delivering sizable projects that span multiple teams and multiple quarters or even years! that produce significant results and impact overall business success. Benefits: Highly competitive compensation package including salary and equity as well as the opportunity to work for one of the fastest growing marketing technology companiesComprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance401(k) planMonthly discretionary reimbursement towards fitness, home office and/or Learning and Development opportunities Generous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy Bluecore is a marketing technology company that’s reimagining how the world’s fastest growing retail brands transform casual shoppers into lifetime customers. Through our patented retail data model and the recent release of Bluecore Communicate™ and Bluecore Site™, we replace manual processes with an intelligent, AI driven workflow. We are credited with doubling email revenue, and increasing customer retention for more than 400 brands, including Express, Tommy Hilfiger, The North Face, Teleflora, and Bass Pro Shops. We have been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nation’s fastest growing private companies. At Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences. Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status. At Backstage, we're focused on providing the best career platform and marketplace to match performing artists (actors, models, dancers and musicians) with talent seekers. We are open to remote candidates in North America, South America, and the Western European time zone. The Gig: Backstagecom is looking for a product focused software engineer who will keep user needs at the forefront of all development. You will have the opportunity to work on cutting edge technology and new product development in an established company that is rapidly growing. This is a great opportunity for an engineer looking to expand their well established career, who is excited about search, solving complex problems, ownership and who enjoys working with technologies like Elasticsearch, AWS, Django. About You: You should have played a significant role in the creation and maintenance of a large scale public facing website and have extensive experience with Python. You should also be comfortable with the entire development life cycle (inception to release) in an Agile environment. You should should take great pleasure in creation and problem solving through healthy debate. You should be comfortable working alone and with a team. Your peers should look to you as an example, and you should be comfortable mentoring others. You know about PEP8; however, you also know how to be reasonable about it. You are passionate about writing eloquent code and take pride in your craft. Responsibilities: Participate in architectural, design and product sessions Develop innovative solutions based on product initiatives and business challenges in Python Ensure all Python and Javascript code is suitable for automated unit testing Interact with different stakeholders to gather feedback and clarification Research and apply new technologies and best practices Design and create efficient RESTful endpoints for both internal and public consumption Provide task estimations and deliver quality code on time Own and manage multiple data sources (MySQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch) Requirements: Solid web developer with at least 4 years of Django experience (or similar frameworks) 2 5 years of Python experience 3+ years experience with database design and maintenance (MySQL) 2+ years professional experience with the AWS ecosystem or similar cloud based provider developing scalable websites/services Exposure to front end MVC frameworks such as Backbone/React/Angular (we use React) Hands on experience developing, releasing, and maintaining large scale software applications (web/mobile) Must be a self starter and enjoy working in a team with other passionate professionals Backstage, LLC, is the leading platform in creative talent placement. We are currently composed of two brands: Backstagecom, for actors; and Sonicbidscom, for musicians with plans to launch additional verticals organically and through acquisition. Nowhere else will you find the same combination of startup energy and entertainment industry creativity atop the solid foundation of an established but small and fast growing business with decades of success in our industry. We are a close knit, agile team that is disrupting the creative talent placement industry through technical innovation, product design and a solid business model. At the heart of our success and growth resides a group of hardcore technologists, writers, marketers, and product designers who share a tight bond and believe that collaboration creates a better experience for our users. We offer benefits including health insurance (vision and dental available), 401K, and tickets/tuition for select conferences/courses. Temboo is home to environmentalists, technologists, designers, and everyone in between. We believe in empowering all people to use emerging technology to make their own world a better place. Our no code platform for environmental engagement helps communities advocate for policy changes, nonprofits assess environmental conditions, cities maintain green infrastructure, and citizens become more involved. We’re building software that helps people measure, share, and grow their sustainability efforts—and we want you to help! Here’s some things we’re excited about: Our customers are building a wide range of environmental monitoring applications, from tracking soil moisture in city tree beds to assessing pH levels in octopus farms! As reported by the New York Times, our platform helps people combine science, sensors, and community organizing to make where they live, work, and play greener. Regardless of background or experience, we provide all the tools needed to measure, engage, inform, and advocate to build more engaged communities, neighborhoods, and environments. We partner with groups like the Waterfront Alliance, The Grid, and SWIM to lend our support for smarter, more resilient waterfronts and urban communities. Our software comes pre shipped in hardware development platforms for millions of devices from companies like Texas Instruments, Samsung, and Arduino. Our software integrates with over 100 internal and external APIs and cloud services, and we work closely with API providers such as Amazon and Microsoft to make their APIs more accessible. Temboo has been adopted as a teaching tool by over 150 universities worldwide, in courses ranging from traditional CS and engineering, to digital art and urban data mining. As a frontend engineer at Temboo, you’ll work closely with our product team to design, implement, test, deploy and maintain new browser based features. Your specific technical skill set is less important to us than your all around intelligence, problem solving ability, and eagerness for new challenges (that said, we expect you'll have significant experience with Javascript, CSS, HTML, and more). The nature of what we do means that we're continually exploring how emerging technologies can enhance how we build our product. What You'll Be Doing Building rich web apps that help our customers bring their physical and digital worlds closer together Collaborating on a broad range of software engineering challenges, from working with real time sensor data streams to JavaScript performance optimization Writing maintainable code that your fellow engineers will thank you for Learning about new technologies to improve your problem solving abilities and push the Temboo platform forward What We're Looking For In You Proven frontend experience building web applications Strong computer science fundamentals and experience with object oriented architecture and test driven development A willingness to learn and use new technologies, strategies, tools, and components Why You Should Apply You'll work on exciting challenges like developing rich web applications that help people connect physical objects and spaces to the internet, and visualizing large sensor data sets You’ll be writing software that people use to make a positive impact on the world You’ll get wide ranging exposure to different aspects of the technology and business worlds since Temboo touches hardware & software, multiple layers of the technology stack, and a variety of industries You’ll be part of a committed, smart, respectful, and fun team We offer competitive compensation, a casual office environment, and respect for autonomy Our users are our customers, and they control their own data. We're not selling ads or user data. 2019 08 01 104 Franklin St. New York, NY 10013 Full time As a developer in the Quartz Core Solutions team, you will: Be part of a team where all members code, and engineering talent is highly valued Develop the financial foundational components of Quartz including trade, reference and market data Gain a deep understanding of the financial object model and how to effectively apply it to solve business problems Gain a deep understanding of the non financial layers of the Quartz Stack (distributed compute, object database, development tools) to rapidly build high performance and robust solutions Use a highly efficient and tightly integrated development environment Follow an agile development methodology with frequent production releases and good unit test coverage Collaborate with line of business developers to help them to leverage the platform to the greatest effect while ensuring that implementations are sufficiently generalized to support the cross product enterprise consumers of Quartz data Measure, improve and maintain data quality Research and analyze the root cause of issues and solve them in a permanent manner We are looking for brilliant software engineers who: Write beautiful, clear, concise, well structured and maintainable code Have substantial and recent programming experience in object oriented or functional programming languages and wish to spend most of their time developing Exceptional knowledge of computer science data structures Work collaboratively and strive to deliver the best rather than the easiest solutions An overwhelming urge to solve complex problems without being directed to do so Able to seek out the information they need to solve problems The desire to work in a test driven software development environment that relies on iterative feedback An interest in financial services (financial markets, data modeling, and risk computation) TO BE USED ONLY IN ORGANIZATIONS DELIVERING SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS: Responsible for developing and delivering complex software requirements to accomplish business goals. Ensures that software is developed to meet functional, non functional, and compliance requirements. Codes solutions, unit tests, and ensures the solution can be integrated successfully into the overall application/system with clear, robust and well tested interfaces. Familiar with development and testing practices of the bank. Contributes to story refinement/defining requirements. Participates and guides team in estimating work necessary to realize a story/requirement through the delivery lifecycle. Performs spike/proof of concept as necessary to mitigate risk or implement new ideas. Codes solutions and unit tests to deliver a requirement/story per the defined acceptance criteria and compliance requirements Utilizes multiple architectural components (across data, application, business) in design and development of client requirements. Assists team with resolving technical complexities involved in realizing story work. Contributes to existing test suites (integration, regression, performance); Analyzes test reports, identifies any test issues/errors; Triages the underlying cause. Documents and communicates required information for deployment, maintenance, support, and business functionality. Participates, contributes and can coach team members in the delivery/release (CI CD) events. eg. branching timelines, pull requests, issue triage, merge/conflict resolution, release notes. Individual contributor. Bank of America...Strives to bring new thoughts and ideas to teams in order to drive innovation and unique solutionsExcels in working among diverse viewpoints to determine the best path forwardExperience in connecting with a diverse set of clients to understand future business needs – is a continuous learnerCommitment to challenging the status quo and promoting positive changeParticipate in and drive collaborative efforts to advance tools, technology, and ways of working to better serve an evolving client baseBelieves in value of diversity so we can reflect, connect and meet the diverse needs of our clients and employees around the world Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Analyze, design, develop, test and implement software applications using Visual Basic, ASP, VBNet, ASPNet, C#, HTML/DHTML, IIS, MTS, COM/DCOM, Visual Studio, Java Script, XML/XSL, Web Services and Visual Source Safe. Develops and directs software system testing procedures, programming and documentation. Coordinate and guide installation of software systems. MasterÂ’s Degree and one years experience in job in I T. 40hrs/week. Send Resume to: Excellent Business Consultants Inc., 1975 Washington Ave., Seaford, NY 11783 Alloy is where you belong! We're the leading provider of digital identity management and transaction fraud detection. We support innovative FinTech companies and top tier banks to manage KYC, AML, and other components of client onboarding. Alloy's API enables its clients to access over 50 third party data sources in real time to improve decision making and streamline client experiences. We're backed by venture capital firms that have taken countless companies to IPO like Bessemer Venture Partners, Primary Venture Partners, Eniac Ventures, and others. We are well positioned to bring on incredibly talented individuals who can help take us to the next level! The Team The Onboarding team helps our clients quickly and safely onboard and manage more of their customers while mitigating fraud and risk. Our team's projects include Workflow reporting and Fraud Risk assessment which help our clients make better decisions. We also build tools to support our other product offerings and use the data we have across the Alloy ecosystem to help clients obtain insights. As a Full Stack Engineer on the Onboarding team, you will build an outstanding product trusted by the top financial services companies. You will work at the intersection of user experience, engineering, finance, compliance, and security. We are an agile, cross functional team and you will have a lot of ownership over the product and a meaningful impact on our success. What You'll Do Work with other engineers, designers, and product managers to turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap Build, test, and ship customer facing features/products using modern tools. Our team uses JavaScript (ES6/React), Python (Django), Nodejs, PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch, and AWS Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of our clients Iterate quickly based on product and client feedback What We Are Looking For 3 5 years of experience developing production software Experience as an engineer working on solving problems with both frontend and backend technologies Experience working collaboratively on an engineering team Knowledge of client side JavaScript (ES6/React), HTML/CSS, and Python (Django) Nice to haves: Experience working with relational databases and PostgreSQL Experience maintaining and working with design systems and UI component libraries Some familiarity with REST API development using Nodejs Experience working in the financial services industry We're a lean team, so your impact will be felt immediately. If this all sounds like a good fit for you, why not join us? Benefits and Perks! Unlimited PTO and we are remote until 2021* Company Paid Medical, Dental, Vision Benefits 401k with 100% match up to 4% $500 to just set up your WFH space a one time thing Annual Professional Development Budget Annual Citi Bike Membership Monthly Commuter Budget Monthly stipend for groceries from Public Goods Weekly lunch allowance on Seamless Contribution to Lifetime, NYSC, or ClassPass Four Free Therapy Sessions We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. About Stellar Health: Healthcare costs are one of the biggest problems in the United States today. At Stellar Health, we are building a platform that helps Healthcare Providers (doctors and support staff) improve the quality of care they provide while also reducing their costs. In the end, these improvements make patients healthier. Stellar Health's product is actively used by over 100 Medical Groups and we have proven that it makes a real difference for these practices and their patients. As our impact continues to show measurable results, our book of business is growing and the number of end users is growing in parallel. It's an exciting time to join the business: we have a proven product and operating model and are well funded. Our founding team covers a wide range of experience and skills having built multiple best in class technology products in their careers, with deep healthcare knowledge and experience in starting successful companies from the ground up (more about the company at https://stellarhealth). We're hiring Software Engineers! Stellar Health is hiring experienced Software Engineers for our NYC based team. We're a small team, meaning each and every team member has the opportunity to work on features and processes that directly impact a patient's health. As a Software Engineer, you will develop core features of our healthcare platform, write clean code that will scale with our business, and contribute to our collaborative team culture. Our team offers an experienced and mature engineering culture, product development best practices, and an environment where every single engineer has a direct impact on the success of our business. Who will love this job: You thrive off of supporting your peers and teammates; no job is too small for you. You get things done and you love working in a dynamic environment; we move quickly and we need a teammate who will too. You understand, appreciate and enjoy the responsibility and accountability that comes with being assigned high level ownership over projects and their success. You have a knack for explaining technical processes concisely (even to non engineers), and work well with cross functional internal teams. You are looking to learn and grow, knowing that this position will involve a lot of ambiguity to deal with, with the support from the organization to help you navigate it. What you'll do: Own building and delivering big parts of our core product against business needs. Write clear and concise production code for the Stellar Health Platform. Provide effective and constructive feedback by reviewing others' work. Deliver new features by collaborating regularly with our founding team. Set consistent standards for code; testing and fixing bugs throughout the process. Work with our founding team on defining product roadmaps, specifications, and priorities. Gather data insights and build models for product improvements or for internal use. You should have: 2 5 years experience writing production code (required). Experience with Django or other web based frameworks preferred, but not a must. Python experience or experience with other backend languages (Java / C++ / Go / Ruby) and a desire to learn. Some understanding of Javascript fundamentals. Pay, Perks & Such: We offer a full slate of benefits, including competitive salaries, stock options, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverages, flexible vacation and a parental leave program. Diversity is the key to our success. Stellar Health is an equal opportunity employer and we are open to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We believe that diverse teams and the different identities, cultures, and life experiences our team members bring to the table enable us to create amazing products, find creative solutions to interesting problems, and build an inclusive working environment. We encourage everyone to apply to our roles, even if they do not meet every single qualification on a job description, and our team is committed to reviewing every resume submitted. Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. The Landing Experience team is working to improve the user experience for buyers coming to Etsy from external sources like google search and social media. We want to introduce buyers to Etsy through branded and curated content and make it easy for them to find items they're interested in. This role is based in either Brooklyn, NY or remote. About the Role Build delightful buyer products and experiences for people buying and selling with Etsy. Design, development and implementation of highly maintainable and scalable systems by contributing at all levels of our web application stack ranging from back end technologies including Java, PHP, MySQL, Memcache, to front end web interfaces including HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Provide innovative solutions to complex business problems. Interface with our cross functional teams and business partners at Etsy (ie. Product, Design, etc) Qualifications About You Have extensive experience building web technologies and enjoy more customer centric and product focus. Have prior working knowledge and experience with third party integrations. Are comfortable collaborating closely with product managers and designers, providing estimates or product ideas that will influence your team’s roadmap. Have a “leave it better than you found it” mentality, and are willing to work with and improve on code you did not originally write. Love to experiment and use data to drive decision making. Love mentoring other engineers. Will be a mindful, transparent, and communicative member of your team. Love to have ownership of work from ideation through completion. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. You're the brains behind our work. You’re ready to bring your knowledge from the classroom to the boardroom, and Citi wants to help you get there. Whether it’s honing your skills or building your network, we know that success can’t come without growth. Our programs equip you with the knowledge and training you need to play a valuable role on your team, and establish a long term career here. At Citi, we value internal mobility, and career growth is not a question of if, but when. Citi’s Institutional Clients Group (ICG) is looking for Summer Software Development Analysts to join the Technology team in NAM Our ICG Technologists support and enable the success of our trading businesses— and by utilizing a broad range of technologies, our team is at the forefront of innovation. We seek to drive our systems and processes toward scalable, low latency, high frequency enterprise systems to support Citi and our aggressive growth strategy. Our Citi Technology team builds, owns and supports many front end, middle tier and back office applications that are used on Citi trading floors around the world. Numerous applications handle millions of transactions per day and have billions of dollars in trade flow. Many teams operate on a "follow the sun" model and are required to have their applications running 24/7. We are seeking full stack engineers with 2+ years of experience to join our Engineering team in Manhattan, New York. At SeedInvest we allow anyone to invest into startups or raise money for their startup online! To date over 450,000 investors signed up and we have successfully funded 200+ startups. We are on track to raise over $100 million for startups in 2020 alone. At SeedInvest, you'll be an important part of a team of incredible engineers who work together to build exciting new products in the startup investing space. If you are an engineer with an entrepreneurial mindset interested in VC and/or building out infrastructure to enable anyone in the world to access startup investments online, we want you to apply!! You will: Design and manage new web applications for SeedInvest that help founders or investors on our website (Check out current startups that raise money on our site: wwwseedinvest.com/offerings) Improve our current products to make them faster and even more user friendly Become an expert in front and back end development, and set up a robust web infrastructure on AWS Work closely with SeedInvest's founders and business teams to solve complex problems We would love to hear from you if: You are naturally curious about the technologies you use and take the initiate to dive in and learn more when you are unsure You enjoy taking ownership of your work and continuously want to improve the products you've built You have a deep passion for startups, entrepreneurship, and SeedInvest Extra Credit: You have previously worked in a startup or worked with full stack web development frameworks such as Django, Angular, or VueJs. Come join us today! Powered by JazzHR 1JrhFSUWFg Company Overview: At Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 28th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by US. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2018, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2018. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. Join us and make a difference every day. Job Description: Bioinformatics Software Engineer – Genomics (ML/Stats focus) We are seeking a creative developer with a strong statistics and machine learning background to join Sloan Kettering Institute’s Single Cell Research Initiative (SCRI). The team’s goal is to develop cutting edge algorithms to interpret the flood of data emerging from single cell technologies in order to explore questions in tumor heterogeneity, metastasis and the tumor immune environment. If you would rather apply your superb programming and analytical skills towards a cancer cure than to finance and shopping carts, our dynamic multi disciplinary team is the place for you. SCRI is directed by computational biologist Dr. Dana Pe’er, a pioneer with a strong track record of developing new conceptual approaches and widely used tools in the single cell analysis field. We collect big biological data, primarily from multi dimensional single cell technologies such as single cell RNA sequencing and high parameter imaging. You will develop and implement algorithms that process, integrate and visualize the multiple data types, allowing data scientists, biologists and clinicians to interact with and interpret the data. A key focus is the single cell profiling of patient samples, with the goal of improving immunotherapy and precision medicine. Join us if you can think innovatively and want to make an impact! As a Bioinformatics Software Engineer, you will: Design and develop algorithms and software to process, normalize, organize, visualize and interpret data from multiple modalities, including from single cell and imaging technologies Design and implement novel machine learning algorithms to integrate genomics data collected from clinical cohorts Implement new features, maintain and test existing SCRI code infrastructure Evaluate and compare best practices for processing and analyzing different data types Provide consultation, guidance and training to research scientists using SCRI tools Requirements: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with strong machine learning or stats components, and 3+ years of programming experience, or PhD in math, physics or computer science; OR equivalent experience Bioinformatics/Genomics experience and familiarity with common concepts, terminologies and software currently used in the field Experience designing large software tools and writing efficient code Proficiency in the testing process; ability to debug and modify code and use Git workflows Analytical, reasoning, mathematical and problem solving skills to develop algorithms Advanced knowledge of algorithms and statistics Proficiency in Python (including building distributable Python modules) Proficiency working in cloud and HPC environments #LI CC16 Closing: MSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. Our mission is to eliminate passwords in every application. Passwords are an antiquated technique for establishing a person’s identity with a digital service. 80%+ of cyber incidents involve the misuse or mishandling of passwords, it is time for passwords to be replaced by strong security techniques that are usable by an audience that is not technical. ZeroPW was started by Jim Clark (Netscape) and Tom Jermoluk (@Home Networks), who through companies they founded helped catalyze the modern Internet. The existing team’s background is both impressive and diverse, which includes backgrounds in national security, high performance computing, large scale distributed systems as well as consumer and enterprise software. As a Lead Senior Software Engineer you'll use your experience with system design and API development to build out core authentication services on top of our big data architecture . You'll work cross functionally with Product & Engineering, IT and Security teams to build and operate a secure, scalable and performant system that is foundational to our platform vision. The candidate will be result oriented, passionate, a critical and strategic thinker, highly organized, have an ability to multitask and meet deadlines, a team player and team builder, work comfortably in a constantly evolving environment, and demonstrate calmness and composure in times of uncertainty and stress. Are you interested in working with smart people to solve the world's largest security issue? If you are Intellectually curious, confident but not egotistical, value team performance over individual contribution and have experience with venture capital backed tech startups then we want to hear from you! Job Description You will play an integral role developing innovative and highly scalable services to support desktop and mobile applications. Proactively contributing ideas for new features and identifying areas for improvement Collaborating with mobile development and product team members to design, develop, and deploy highly scalable experience APIs and services Deliver on time and be accountable for your team and stakeholders Writing clean, tested, and well documented code Required Qualifications 3+ years professional experience in the design of complex identity systems Experience with distributed systems and microservice architectures Experience with large scale distributed storage and database systems (SQL or NoSQL) Ability to decompose engineering problems and work with a team in solving them Familiarity with authentication protocols (OAUTH2, OIDC, WebAuthN, CTP, U2F, KERBEROS) A plus if you have experience with functional programming Powered by JazzHR UG38KY2sGH Catch&Release Engineering is looking for a full stack engineer to join our team. You’ll report to the VP of Engineering and be responsible for the frontend and backend code in our system. You’ll be expected to pick up new concepts quickly and will likely make your first commit on your first day. We expect that all our engineers will provide feedback around how we can learn, grow, and make the engineering department continue to get better. What You'll Work On Communicate persuasively with peers to inspire cooperation Mentor, pair, and delegate work to encourage the growth of those around them Use fundamental patterns and provide examples for others to follow Make well reasoned decisions that inspires and energizes others Become intimately familiar with the systems they build and take pride in writing maintainable code Are technical leaders who know how to break down work that others can contribute to confidently Help recruit, interview, and generally make Catch&Release a great home for developers Who You Are You have 3+ years building web applications You use Ruby, Javascript and SQL or are comfortable learning a new language Comfortable in any part of the stack You are known for being a great communicator and use various tactics (pictures, metaphors, storytelling etc) to improve understanding You write tests to improve the design and quality of code You are organized and focused when working toward a goal You show humility when you are right and have the confidence to admit mistakes You are passionate about building products that feel fun and intuitive to use You have been a technical lead on a team that built something you are proud of You have a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or other related field Who We Are At Catch&Release Engineering, we are striving to not do things just because that's how it's been done. We're in, what we consider to be, a lifelong effort to create the best environment that breeds great work. In our engineering day to day, we strive for clear, easy to understand, and maintainable code. We also believe that great engineering is not about a list of things we have to do, but rather it's a way we have to be about the job to achieve great things. Say hello at careers@catchandreleasecom Company Description CrossInstall is a high performance mobile app advertising platform that was recently acquired by Twitter. Now part of Twitter, we are looking for a talented generalist software engineer to help us tackle a number of interesting challenges as part of our small but terrific engineering team at the company. Job Description As a full stack engineer on the CrossInstall team, you’ll tackle a number of problems ranging from automating business processes to troubleshooting large scale, high throughput systems. No two days are alike. Our platform serves the needs of hundreds of advertisers by managing many billions of requests and data points a day. You will work directly with internal customers on many kinds of projects and technologies that keep CrossInstal performing reliably. Design, implement and maintain our internal and external dashboards to give data based actionable recommendations to the business team and to our customers Automate some complex processes in a robust and elegant way Evaluate and make recommendations on technologies and tools that will improve the usability, performance and reliability of our platform Be ready to roll up your sleeves and pitch in to help on any other tasks Help mentor more junior engineers Qualifications Who you are You are a well rounded, generalist software engineer, who can tackle any problems that come your way You possess deep knowledge in software development, including full stack design and implementation, You have extensive experience designing and implementing effective automation and integration tests You are passionate about well designed solutions that efficiently automate business processes You enjoy simplifying complex systems and don't shy away from refactoring large codebases. You wish to tackle hard product and engineering challenges while following and championing software engineering best practices You have a keen ability to understand business requirements and design and build the products, tools and processes that will support the current and future needs of our business You are endlessly curious and able to work both collaboratively and independently You have empathy for internal customers and end users; you proactively chase down problems and propose solutions You have great verbal and written communication skills You have the experience and desire to interview and evaluate applicants on a technical and cultural fit level First and foremost, you have an eye for detail, the habit to ask (generally) good questions, the ability to figure things out, the tenacity to go all the way Desired Experience You have hands on experience with Java, Scala or other JVM based languages and solid scripting skills (shell, PHP and/or Python) You have hands on experience building and operating full stack applications, from JS to DB, with extensive knowledge of one or more web frameworks (Symfony, Django, Flask, RoR, ...) and one or more Javascript frameworks (React, Vuejs...) You have hands on experience designing service architecture, and building and operating APIs You have hands on experience with continuous integration and deployment systems with tools such as Jenkins and Ansible You are familiar with some of the technologies in our stack (AWS, MySQL, Kafka, Aerospike, Druid, Redis) Qualifications 7+ years in Generalist / Full Stack software development BS. or higher in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience) Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At HRT, we program computers to intelligently trade on the stock market. We make the world's markets more financially efficient using smart algorithms. To get the job done, we hire some of the smartest computer scientists in the world to develop both our low latency trading platform and our massive distributed research platform. Algo Software Engineers (AE) are programmers that are embedded in HRT's trading teams and work hand in hand with Algo Strategy Developers (AD). Whereas ADs tend to use their math skills to make smarter strategies, AEs focus on the software that powers trading and research. Because of this close collaboration, AEs tend to be the type of engineers that thrive on constant interaction and discussion. Hearing how their most recently deployed system allowed for whole new types of research would make their week. AEs are the type of engineers that don't mind juggling a few projects at once and have a varied portfolio of project types, from long term ambitious new systems to fire fighting live issues. Our environment is particularly well suited to driven, self motivated programmers. For one, the company's Partners are all programmers. Team Leads spend a majority of their time doing technical work. Algo teams run on a very bottom up approach that encourages everyone on the teams to come up with ideas and dictate the direction of each team together. Finally, there is very little emphasis placed on project management process (almost no meetings and no project managers) and there is a lot of emphasis placed on engineering process such as automated testing, design/code reviews, and technical training. We are a Linux/Unix shop with a codebase written primarily in C++ and Python. If you are not a C++ or Python or Linux expert, that's probably OK. We really care more about your technical fundamentals, practical experience and that intense desire to make things better for other people. That being said, we want someone who is familiar with a non scripting language such as C++ or Java. Here are a few examples of programmers who are currently AEs at HRT: When he's not solving riddles and dancing salsa, David's writing distributed computing APIs. He regularly solves bugs like "one out of a million jobs are dying on only these machines and only on Tuesdays". He likes bridging the gap between Algo Strategy Developers and Systems Engineers to explore how to use distributed computing to run research. He really enjoys coming up with ways to make millions of jobs more efficient. Before joining HRT, Jessie worked in big tech for 6 years, doing primarily web development. She enjoys taking unclear problems ("This job takes too long to run.") and figuring out the right way to solve them ("The reason the speed of this job is concerning is because it's impractically slow to debug. We need more interactive debugging tools to avoid constantly restarting jobs."). She cares about writing reliable and thoroughly tested software. When she's not coding, Jessie enjoys solo traveling (she's been to every continent except Antarctica!), reading far too many books, and speaking at conferences. Aaron started programming at age 5 and previously ran the research team at a music software company, bringing over 7 years of experience to HRT. He cooks and practices partner acrobatics in his free time. He gets joy from his teammates' happiness when their research runs twice as fast, from building them tools that help them visualize their strategies, and from keeping code organized and maintainable. He's gotten coworkers from other teams involved in latency improvements to his group's live trading. He enjoys the collaborative environment and learning from his coworkers. Culture: Hudson River Trading (HRT) brings a scientific approach to trading financial products. We have built one of the world's most sophisticated computing environments for research and development. Our researchers are at the forefront of innovation in the world of algorithmic trading. At HRT we come from all sorts of backgrounds: mathematics, computer science, statistics, physics, and engineering. We're a community of self starters who are motivated by the excitement of being at the cutting edge of automated trading. Our culture celebrates great ideas whether they come from HRT veterans or new hires. At HRT we're friends and colleagues, whether we are sharing a meal, playing the latest board game, or writing elegant code. We embrace a culture of togetherness that extends far beyond the walls of our office. Seem like something you might be interested in? Our goal is to find the best people and bring them together to do great work in a place where everyone is valued. HRT is proud of our diverse staff; we have offices all over the globe and benefit from our varied and unique perspectives. HRT is an equal opportunity employer; so whoever you are we'd love to get to know you. About Us Chartbeat's software helps the world’s leading media companies understand, measure, and optimize the attention earned by their content. Our products are used by over 80% of the world’s top publishers, and we measure tens of billions of page views each month and nearly 100 million articles per year. This makes for a deeply rich dataset to collect, transform, and analyze in order to realize our mission of helping quality content thrive. Our Stack Our backend data systems use Python, but key parts of our systems are written in Clojure, Java, C, and Lua. We use a variety of database technologies, including MySQL, MongoDB, Redshift, and Redis. While our front end team spends the bulk of their time building single page web applications in Javascript, React Native and Angular. The Role As a software engineer in test at Chartbeat, you will have the unique opportunity to be the first person to join the engineering team in this role. You will be accountable for testing software and monitoring the health of our deployments in production. The person in this role will be responsible for writing code to build robust, and high quality automation solutions for functional, regression and performance testing. This is a challenging role where you will have the opportunity to learn our system internals, troubleshoot, debug code, automate tasks and implement new tools and processes to lower product defects. About You You are analytical, organized, curious and thrive in ambiguous environments. Some technical skills we are looking for the person coming into this role include: BE in CS or an equivalent combination of technical education and work experience 5+ years of experience as a Test/QA/Automation engineer strongly preferred but will consider exceptional candidates without the experience Must Strong programming abilities: Javascript and Python Must Experience working in a browser environment: HTML, CSS Working knowledge of CI/CD such as Jenkins Familiar with at least one web debugging software (Charles, Postman, etc) Familiar with testing frameworks (such as Cypress) and test terminology Bonus Experience creating test plans and running user acceptance tests Bonus Strong command line skills, shell scripting Bonus Working knowledge of mobile frameworks (iOS/Android) Passion and enthusiasm for learning and teaching new technologies Self motivated and can work independently with little supervision About working at Chartbeat: This is a permanent, full time position with excellent benefits—including flexible hours and generous parental leave. Chartbeat strives to provide comprehensive healthcare options for our employees and to ensure that our healthcare and other benefits are LGBTQ inclusive. You'll be joining a group of focused, hard working, people who are passionate about doing work that's challenging and fun—and who strive to maintain a healthy work/life balance. Chartbeat is committed to building an inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds and everyone is encouraged to apply. Chartbeat is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, age, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state, or local law. We Participate in E Verify Job Description Job Title: .Net Developer Location: Cleveland, OH Job Type: Full time Relocation/Travel: Yes Job Responsibilities: Write well designed high quality Code with best practices Troubleshoot test and maintain the core product software and databases to ensure strong optimization and functionality Contribute in all phases of the SDLC Follow industry best practices Proven software development experience in PHP and NodeJS Microsoft .net Good knowledge of Mysql Sql Server Redis ElasticSearch version control tools Experience in common third party APIs Experienced in containers orchestration like Docker Kubernetes etc About Capgemini Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year+ heritage and deep industry specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company of 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of €17billion. Visit us at wwwcapgemini.com. People matter, results count. What we Offer Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business focused learning curriculums. We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients. With the digital tech sector growing at a rapid pace and women significantly underrepresented in the industry, we are determined to inspire and recruit more women into technology and build diverse teams that reflect the clients we serve. Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships. Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage women, veterans and active military service personnel to apply. Disclaimer Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant https://wwwcapgemini.com/resources/equal employment opportunity is the law/ Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. The D. E. Shaw group seeks a software engineer interested in systems infrastructure to join its Infrastructure Engineering team. This is a hands on software development role within a cross platform engineering team responsible for core technology infrastructure. Sema4 is a patient centered health intelligence company founded on the idea that more information, deeper analysis, and increased engagement will improve the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. Sema4 is dedicated to transforming healthcare by building dynamic models of human health and defining optimal, individualized health trajectories, starting in the areas of reproductive health and oncology. Centrellis™, our innovative health intelligence platform, is enabling us to generate a more complete understanding of disease and wellness and to provide science driven solutions to the most pressing medical needs. Sema4 believes that patients should be treated as partners, and that data should be shared for the benefit of all. Product Engineering, alongside clinical and big data, is one of three software disciplines at Sema4. We focus on the software used by patients, healthcare providers, partners, and payers. Our Engineering team located at Union Square seeks a talented and experienced Software Engineer II with proficiency in RoR, JavaScript (React) and MySQL. Our talented team strives for best of class in both communication and collaboration. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop clean, well tested, and high performing code for our customer facing software products using Ruby on Rails Join a cross functional team working with engineers and product managers to iterate on shippable features. Collaborate with geographically distributed development teams. Regularly deploy code and perform pull request code reviews. Improve performance, monitoring, alerting, and security for our services. Ability to rapidly learn new programming languages/frameworks. Ability to work in the fast paced environments. QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s in Computer Science or solid on the job experience 3+ years writing code Highly coachable and can take the vision and direction from our engineering leaders and make it a reality Communicate clearly and often, both verbally and in writing 3 + years’ experience with strong programming experience – Ruby on Rails and Javascript a plus Experience shipping high quality software products (The healthcare tech space requires a standard of quality far higher than of traditional software products. The information we provide to our users affect their lives and thus our passion and processes for high quality software should reflect that) ABOUT THE COMPANY Tembo Health is a virtual medical practice that helps patients in nursing homes receive care in hard to access specialties like psychiatry and cardiology. Our mission is to improve healthcare outcomes. The status quo is unacceptable, as our seniors have difficulty receiving specialty care leading to worse healthcare outcomes including re hospitalizations. By partnering with nursing homes, Tembo Health drives quality improvement with our network of world class clinicians. Our technology allows our clinicians to provide both complex and quality care with a seamless user experience integrating medical data from various sources. Our leadership team has deep expertise in clinical medicine, clinical transformation, operations, and technology with experience at top institutions including BCG, GE, Harvard Hospitals, Mount Sinai, Northwell Health, and Oscar. We’re backed by prominent investors including Bloomberg Beta, B Capital Group, and Resolute Ventures. We've proven product market fit over the past two years, have customer traction in NY, TX, and MI, and are scaling upon our success. ABOUT THE ROLE We're building an engineering team to grow our telemedicine platform and succeed at scale. This is a tremendous opportunity to influence the growth of a new team and build novel and impactful solutions in our fast growing company. Responsibilities Build products that enable doctors and nurses to meaningfully improve the quality of care of our patients. Work across engineering, product, and design to identify user needs and ship high quality products. Contribute both to existing applications and develop new ones from scratch. Leverage existing APIs (eg. medical record systems, video conferencing, digital connected devices) to build feature rich applications quickly and efficiently. Design and ship data insight tools for better clinical decision making. Enable data driven decision making Your code will help make us make better decisions in our business, so we can scale our impact on the world and help more people. Leverage internal and external data sources to produce actionable metrics, help us grow our business and maximize our patient impact as quickly as possible. Handle patient private data securely and privately Everything we do must treat patient and partner data according to the highest standards of privacy and security. Integrate those principles into your daily workflow and designs. Success in 30 60 days is: Working collaboratively across eng, product, and design. Understanding outstanding customer needs and designing features to help them. Shipping real code that impacts our users’ daily lives. Contributing to the way we work and our underlying infrastructure. Help support a growing engineering organization! Success after that is: Develop wholesale new applications as needed. Gain experience talking to and iterating with real customers, so that we can help them more effectively. We don’t know what we don’t know, so, you’ll contribute in meaningful ways you identify to the future of the engineering organization and the entire company. ABOUT YOU You love trying new things. You love collaborating with others (both remotely or in person), but can also be productive independently. You care more about getting to the right answer as a team than just “being right.” You love delivering useful real world applications that unlock value for customers. You value security and privacy, and integrate that into everything you do. You will have experience with: Full stack development using a microservices architecture, modern tech stack, and many publicly available cloud/open source tools High growth startup environments Working in a regulated environment such as medical, financial, aviation, government, etc). You are familiar with, or eager to learn, our tech stack: Spring Boot using Kotlin and Java VueJS or React Docker (ECS, Fargate) AWS (including Lambda and other serverless products) element^n is seeking talented and professional Web Developers. Working in a team environment with Web Interaction Developers, Web Developers are responsible for the development of all client and server side aspects of web applications, including integration with client backend systems. Web Developers are in direct contact with the needs of the customer and deliver highly tailored and visible solutions. As a Web Developer you will: Work with our cross functional teams of analysts, developers and graphic designers to translate business objectives into technical and integration specifications Produce standards compliant client side code for projects with HTML, CSS & JavaScript Develop server side Java code which integrates with the backend systems of our clients Deploy, monitor and support application code on production systems Assist QA staff with unit and integration testing of core application and components Actively contribute status and estimates in the daily agile project management (SCRUM) meetings Ensure that our web deliveries remain at the bleeding edge of digital design by remaining up to date on web trends and technologies We are currently recruiting for junior and senior experience levels. We are looking for the following base skills and experience: 1+ years experience as a web developer working hands on with HTML, JavaScript, & CSS. Excellent knowledge of web application concepts, including the request/response lifecycle, session management and web application security issues (XSS & XSRF attacks, cookie security, etc). Java web application experience is preferred but solid experience with other server side technologies such as PHP will be considered. A passion for web trends, technologies and design Excellent organizational skills, with the ability to handle multiple assignments, prioritize, and ensure that all deadlines are met A proactive nature with resourcefulness to identify challenges and propose solutions Fluent written and spoken English and Arabic Listen to others and accepts input from team members, displaying a positive attitude and flexibility in day to day work Set high standards for own performance and appreciate each team member’s contribution to the project Flexibility to work with the client’s ideas and to create output according to the client specifications Ability to work under tight deadlines and changing demands Senior candidates will have: 3+ years experience innovating with web technologies Experience with Web 20 techniques and tools such as cross domain AJAX, JSON, JQuery, Dojo, Sencha/ExtJS, and Flex or other “Rich Client” toolkits is a plus Advanced experience backend development experince with Java (servlet container management, web services, RMI, distributed caching, etc) Unix scripting experience Experience with social networking APIs and design trends, such as integrating the Facebook Connect or OpenSocial APIs, is highly desirable. Experience with web performance concepts including Javascript compression, caching strategies, CDN usage and browser tweaks is also desirable. We are seeking a talented and energetic software engineer to join our highly skilled and forward thinking development team. Take part in all aspects of the product development life cycle from design to delivery. Produce high performance web based and software applications that provide outstanding user experience and are written in Single Page Java script frameworks such as Angular, ASPNET Core, C#, and windows development with WPF. Create and add features to websites using Angular, C#, ASPNET Core, HTML, SASS, CSS, JavaScript. Create and add features to existing WPF applications using C#. Develop custom Web API's. Create databases and application interfaces based on analysis of requirements within established guidelines. Meet with team members and end users to establish application requirements. Assist with integration strategies between applications. Prepare analysis of processes and requirements. Contribute to documenting user stories with acceptance criteria. Consult with team members regarding design and implementation of application. Write high performance code using recommended coding standards. Develop unit tests to test code implementation. Research latest technology trends. Demonstrate effective interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills to facilitate effective work relationships with others. Manages Firm resources responsibly. Complies with and understands Firm operation, policies and procedures. Perform other related duties as assigned. Qualifications Experience in developing applications using Angular 2+, C#, ASPNET Core, EF Core, SQL, JavaScript, HTML5, WPF/MVVM, ASPNET/MVC, Bootstrap, Material Design Experience with developing Web API Ability to design SQL database objects for SQL Server 2016, writing stored procedures and user defined functions Knowledge of Agile development methodologies Knowledge of Azure Dev Ops Server for ALM, Jira, Confluence Strong problem solving abilities and an aptitude for learning new technologies Demonstrates effective interpersonal and communication skills, both verbally and in writing Demonstrates close attention to detail Excellent analytical, troubleshooting, organizational, and planning skills Ability to handle multiple projects and shifting priorities Ability to handle sensitive matters and maintain confidentiality Ability to work well in a demanding and fast paced environment Ability to work well independently as well as effectively within a team Ability to use discretion and exercise independent and sound judgment Flexibility to adjust hours and work the hours necessary to meet operating and business needs Experience/Education Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent Minimum of four years of software development work experience MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: The Merchant Banking Division (MBD) invests in corporate equity and debt, real estate equity and debt, and infrastructure related assets and companies. The division operates on a global platform with some of the most cutting edge technology the firm has to offer. We work in a fast paced, exciting environment with individuals with versatile skills and a passion for technology and investing. The Merchant Banking Engineering team collaborates with investing and finance professionals to build tools and analytics supporting all aspects of the Merchant Bank’s investing and lending activities. Your Impact Create high tech systems and analytics, developing innovative software applications to help structure, value, hedge, risk manage the investments and portfolios, and assist processes and reporting RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: Who We Look For We are interested in individuals who have strong analytical and coding skills and a passion to use technology to revolutionize finance. Although the work performed by this team is financial in nature, applicants need not have specific financial knowledge or experience to apply. Fantastic Technologists come first Members of our team are some of the brightest employees in and outside of the firm, consisting of Mathematicians, Statisticians, Physicists, Computer Scientists, and more Responsibilities Develop models and systems for trade booking and risk management Create search tools, tools for workflow management, data collection, analysis, and visualization Produce portfolio management and risk monitoring tools for our investments Develop integrations with external parties and cloud based solution providers Generate tools that work on desktop and mobile devices Work closely with Private Equity, Credit, and Real Estate businesses sitting alongside bankers on the same floor SDLC – allowing for multiple releases during the data, faster product development Have the opportunity to deal with a diverse set of problems – Process automation, Data & document search, Mobile development, Tradable development, Transaction processing, Deal Sourcing using CRM, Data & business intelligence Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Physics, or other related field Meaningful experience with coding and software system design Extensive written and verbal communication skills Programming language agnostic (Java, C++, Python, C#, Angularjs, etc.) Preferred Qualifications Technology: Experience building web based applications or large scale distributed systems, implementing fundamental algorithms, working in different programming languages and databases Tech Full stack development including, but not limited to: Lucene, Elastic Search, React, Qlikview, micro service based architecture, Sybase IQ, Mongo, SQL server, Camunda, etc. Finance: Understanding of market dynamics and conventions, and of different products’ behaviors and specifications. Although the work performed by our team is financial in nature, applicants need not have specific financial knowledge or experience to apply Why Merchant Banking Division Learn from the foremost experts in finance, technology, and mathematics who are diverse in their academic, ethnic, and social backgrounds Experience working at the crossroads of vibrant global capital and risk markets Develop solutions for a global business with real time feedback on the quality of the software product Experience an environment that is committed to learning & open to new ideas – allowing for creative ways to solve new problems Learn new businesses, especially of certain portfolio companies that have a need to integrate with GS systems Be part of a fun loving, collaborative work culture Accept unparalleled responsibility and career opportunity to make a highly visible global impact Collaborate with some of the brightest technologists, to challenge the status quo and push the envelope in technology and finance ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Company Description Square builds common business tools in unconventional ways so more people can start, run, and grow their businesses. When Square started, it was difficult and expensive (or just plain impossible) for some businesses to take credit cards. Square made credit card payments possible for all by turning a mobile phone into a credit card reader. Since then Square has been building an entire business toolkit of both hardware and software products including Square Capital, Square Terminal, Square Payroll, and more. We’re working to find new and better ways to help businesses succeed on their own terms—and we’re looking for people like you to help shape tomorrow at Square. Job Description Our Global Communications team is made up of tough, quick witted, entrepreneurial, and intellectually curious people. We communicate to the world Square's purpose of economic empowerment and our mission to empower businesses and individuals with easy to use, elegant tools that give them an advantage where they previously had none. Square is looking for a creative engineer to join the Corporate Purpose function of our team, a diverse group of individuals that uses data, design, and storytelling to advocate for Square's brand globally. Reporting to our Design Lead, you will bring technology to our creative process daily. As our first creative engineering hire, you will help conceptualize and deliver creative web experiences beyond the current scope of our web content platform and build the Square, Inc. hub from the ground up. The front end interactions you bring to life will create remarkable experiences for all of our audiences. You are well versed in an appropriate mix of development and prototyping platforms and tools, and know how to select the best platform for the task. You create code that is flexible and can be iterated upon, and pride yourself on being up to date with the latest best practices. Thriving on exploration and experimentation, you are at the heart of co creating ideas and bringing them to life. Your skill set complements your application of technology including but never limited to: a precise eye for intelligent UX, great design, and good foundation in strategy. For consideration, please submit a link to your portfolio or samples of past work*** You will: Participate in concept development iteration Develop prototypes coming out of ideation to create custom content experiences (ie. infographics, interactive tools and more) and quickly demonstrate what an idea looks and feels like in life Work creatively through and around perceived limitations and challenges imposed by the delivery platform to create delightful experiences for customers Evaluate and document any new creative or engineering standards or patterns that could arise from your work Participate in team strategy discussions and brainstorms Create and own product road maps Qualifications You have: BS in Computer Science or a related technical field, and 5+ years of relevant work experience Front end development HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Backend development Familiarity of Ruby, Java or other backend languages A portfolio of work that displays responsive web examples, iconography, typography, color, and imagery An understanding of web standards, browser performance, and basic UX/UI principles A history of collaboration with other non technical teams Skills to clearly communicate complex problems to any audience in verbal, visual, or written formats. Even better: Experience with Adobe Creative Suite and Figma Experience with animation and motion for the web Experience with D3js Additional Information At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)squareupcom. We will treat your request as confidentially as possible. In your email, please include your name and preferred method of contact, and we will respond as soon as possible. Perks At Square, we want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes: Healthcare coverage Retirement Plans Employee Stock Purchase Program Wellness perks Paid parental leave Paid time off Learning and Development resources OkCupid is looking to hire a Software Engineer for our Web team! What’s it like to be a Web Engineer at OkCupid The OkCupid Web Team is a nimble team of 8, building internal features that help connect millions of users every day. Because our team size is so small, each of us has full ownership of features from ideation to deployment. We work closely with other engineering and product teams across the company to figure out the best ways to help people find meaningful relationships. As the sixth member of our team, you will help us build beautiful and performant user interfaces across desktop and mobile web, and will support and extend our API to power new features across all clients. Some cool things the web team has done this year:Implemented the next generation of OkCupid’s API, a Node based GraphQL system utilizing the Apollo platformBuilt out our CI/CD pipeline to automate deployments across our different repositoriesCreated a new system for internationalizing questions. Should “Are you willing to pay extra for guac?” be shown to everyone in the world? We don’t think so either What you’ll be doing: This role involves designing and building features for the web frontend and API layer on our internal systems team. That team is responsible for Trust and Safety: This encompasses all of our moderation tools, our spam systems, and user safety featuresBackoffice infrastructure: Work on the overall infrastructure for a wide array of internal tools that power things like OkCupid's famous questions system, our experiment system, and our billing capabilitiesCRM: Continue to enhance our ability to communicate with users through the product and out of band (email, push notifications, desktop notifications) with interesting and timely updates. You may be a fit for this role if you:Have 2+ years’ experience designing and building softwareEnjoy building UIs with ES6, React, and SassHave a strong grasp of modern JavaScript and CSSHave a high bar for clean, readable and testable codeCare deeply about the experience of our usersHave experience doing one of:Building an API that services millions of usersDeveloping mobile web applications that are performant and accessibleInternal Tooling What’s in it for you?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesDaily complimentary catered lunch from some of NYC’s top restaurants, and an endless supply of snacks & drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsDiscounted membership to some amazing NYC facilities including Chelsea Piers GymGenerous maternity and/or paternity leave and contributions towards fertility preservationA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly people OkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees. Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Design, Interaction Design, related discipline or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of professional experience in a design firm, interactive design company, agency, or company working on projects. Preferred qualifications: Portfolio of original and breakthrough ideas Smart, bold, and accessible sense of design Expertise in interaction design Extreme attention to detail and consistency. Interest in world changing leaps in technology. Highly organized and ability to balance multiple simultaneous projects About the job The Creative Lab is a small team of designers, writers, programmers, filmmakers, producers and business thinkers whose mission is to remind the world what it is they love about Google. Our job is to make Google’s magic more magical, help advance and invent Google’s future, and to communicate Google’s innovations, intentions and ideals in ways that makes us all immensely proud. Artisan and alchemist. You are a creative whose skillset breaks traditional walls between code and design. You sketch through pictures, motion, and interactive prototypes. You proactively think about the bigger picture idea, and you nimbly grab the right tool for the job — an interactive moving demo, something physical, a fast API hack, or even just a beautifully made film or poster. You are tech savvy, rule breaking and a big thinking designer coder hybrid who will help drive and evolve the Google brand. In this role, you're expected to conceive and execute ideas that will remind the world what it is they love about Google. You are a designer not only obsessed with doing great work, but also someone who's looking to the future, striving for something bigger, and burning to create meaningful impact in billions of people’s lives. Responsibilities Draw from your background, interests, and experiences to conceptualize and execute groundbreaking design or tech focused solutions across a range of mediums, including but not limited to; code, digital, film, experiential, and product. Work closely with writers, filmmakers, programmers, producers, business thinkers, engineers, and outside creative agencies to deliver brilliant work in a fast paced environment. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Atlassian is continuing to hire with all interviewing and on boarding done virtually due to COVID 19. All new and existing Atlassians will continue to work from home until it’s safe to return to our offices. When our offices re open, every Atlassian will have the choice to work from an office or from home. Here at Trello, we celebrate the many ways we work. With a team of over one hundred, we connect from Atlanta coworking spaces, Minnesota forests, Hawaii beaches, our beautiful headquarters in Manhattan, and many other locations. Trusted by over 50 million users, Trello is the visual collaboration tool that crafts a shared perspective on any project. We serve 1 Billion API requests per day, and handle 15 million concurrent users at peak. We're always excited to hear from hardworking developers, eager to help us push the limits of what Trello does! We expect our developers to contribute more than just code. You’ll be involved in defining how things work, what they do, and why we do that instead of something else. We also expect you to share your knowledge and expertise with everyone else. In other words, we’re all whole humans and expect the same from you. If that interests you, read on to learn more about the role. Key Responsibilities: Work closely with the rest of the team and across the organization with product managers, design, marketing, other teams across Atlassian to create meaningful information for the organization Putting data to work for everyone by building services and pipelines, instrumenting analytics in all of our repositories (front and back end), and making sure we’re collecting and using all the of the right information in reliable and scalable ways Proactively optimize client and server code to ensure testability, stability and high performance Using your experience, intuition, and analysis to decide where we should focus next More About You You don’t hate data. You’ve slung some SQL and maybe done some horrible things in Excel You aren’t afraid to dig into customer analytics to help shed light on user problems. Communication is important for you – we share knowledge and work with other teams to reach solutions You value progress over perfection, and work in shippable increments Technology stack agnostic – we use what we need to get the job done You are familiar with front end frameworks, maybe React (what we’re aggressively migrating to) or Backbonejs (our legacy framework) You have experience building out RESTful APIs for web applications You have experience monitoring and operating a production level service You have a track record of shipping value to customers You get excited about teaching and mentoring junior developers You strive to write code that lasts for years, not months You have an excellent command of written and spoken English US. Bachelor or higher degree, or its equivalent, in Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Systems Management or a closely related field of study. Some of the technologies we use (you are not expected to know them all!): Javascript family & Friends (Nodejs, Typescript, ECMAScript, React what we’re aggressively migrating our front end to, Backbonejs our legacy framework) SQL & Friends (Pandas, SQL, Databricks) Python Docker AWS Services (Kinesis, SQS, Redshift, Athena) MongoDB Redis SignalFx More about our benefits Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more. More about Atlassian Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like minded colleagues who are motivated by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Learn more about Atlassian’s culture, interviewing flow, and hiring process by checking out our Candidate Resource Hub. SUMMARY: Mycroft is looking for a tech savvy individual interested in venturing into a new career. Must be passionate about computers regardless if you have corporate or enterprise experience. We’re looking for someone who enjoys spending most of their day on the computer and enjoys learning. We will train you on everything you need to know for the job, but you must have knowledge/experience with at least half of the following: Troubleshoot problems efficientlyAbility to adapt to new environmentsBasic client side network troubleshootingAbility to navigate around a Linux environmentDatabase knowledgeUnderstand basic network communicationSolid knowledge of Active Directory and UnixTechnical writing skills to document solution designs preferredUnderstand web serversSSH/PuttyJava experience a plusExperience in writing SQLs and stored procedures a plusLDAP experience a plusExcellent communication skills About Us Mycroft Inc. is the innovation leader in delivering IT security, identity, access management and regulatory compliance solutions leveraging over 20 years of unmatched professional services experience across all major vendor technologies. Focused on the strategy, design, configuration, implementation and management of its solutions, the company seamlessly integrates software and deep professional services expertise to provide fully managed cloud based, hosted and on premise deployments. Mycroft XSpectra, the company’s most recent innovation, further solidifies the company’s commitment to bringing cutting edge IT security services to market that enable business agility, flexibility and cost efficiencies across organizations of all sizes. Mycroft has service centers in New York, St. Louis, and Detroit. Mycroft Offers Competitive Compensation and Robust Benefits Including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short/Long Term Disability, Flexible Spending Account PlansCompetitive Wages and Outstanding Incentives401K with MatchingPaid Vacations & HolidaysGrowth & Training OpportunitiesCasual work environment Mycroft is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. M/F/D/V. The Company You’ll Join We live in a world where some people live on the equity stack and enjoy exponential wealth growth and preferential tax treatment; others live on the debt stack and may work their entire lives for a company and retire only with the cash they’ve managed to save from their paychecks. Our contribution to solving the wealth inequality problem is moving people from the debt stack (payroll) to the equity stack. By making it as easy to issue equity to employees as it is to put them on payroll, we can create more owners. At Carta, we are helpful, transparent, fair, and kind. We are relentless executors, unconventional thinkers, and masters of our craft. To learn more, here is what one of our investors wrote about leading our Series F. The Team You’ll Work With Carta’s Corporations team is responsible for solving problems and building features for late stage private companies. You’ll play a crucial role in delivering reliable and scalable solutions that enable our largest and most valuable customers to grow on the Carta platform. We’re a team of learners and are passionate about solving problems that go beyond the obvious. You can expect to be pushed outside of your comfort zone while learning new technologies, and stretching your leadership skills. How we work Our team isn’t confined to one area, you’ll contribute to solving some of the biggest challenges Carta faces at any given moment. Our success is measured by impact. As a senior engineer on the Corporations business unit, you will be solving problems end to end. This begins with helping identify the problem, then formulating solutions, architecting, and finally implementation of the frontend and backend. Everyone on the team is an equal contributor with full ownership of the problems and deliverables. What you’ll contribute to: Architecting complex SaaS products end to end Partner with business stakeholders to solve meaningful problems for our largest customers Actively contribute to improving our development processes, providing mentorship to team members, and driving adoption of new technologies The Impact You’ll Have Our Enterprise team works closely with product and business to understand the highest priorities of our biggest customers. By understanding their challenges, improving the underlying infrastructure, and building solutions atop of them, our impact is far reaching and directly contributes to Carta’s growth. About You With 5+ years of full stack experience and strong systems fundamentals, you’re excited by the idea of working on projects end to end. Our stack is React, Python, and Django this experience is appreciated though not required. We need a strong communicator who is comfortable collaborating with stakeholders across the org to understand business requirements and build thoughtful solutions. If the idea of contributing to the design and development of complex SaaS products, and working on a highly collaborative, cross functional team excites you, let’s chat! We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a positive interview experience for every candidate. If accommodations due to a disability or medical condition are needed, connect with us via email at recruiting@cartacom. As a company, we value fairness, helpfulness, transparency, leadership and build our teams around these values. Check out our careers page to get to know us better as you think about your next step at Carta. Ramp is building the modern financial stack that enables companies to accelerate growth without compromising on their finances. We’re on a mission to uncover and eliminate waste before it can undermine our customer’s goals and make financial rigor easy by enabling real time visibility and understanding of every dollar spent. Ramp was founded by the same team who built, scaled, and sold Paribus to Capital One, enabling automated savings on online purchases and putting over $100 million back in consumers’ pockets every year. We are backed by Founders Fund, Coatue, and Box Group, and more than 50 founders of leading companies. About the Role Ramp is, at its core, an engineering company, and is on a mission to build the best engineering team in NYC! We are looking for full stack and platform engineers who are excited to be part of our early story and help us build a diverse and vibrant tech community in the city. We hire engineers with a broad set of technical skills, who are highly cross functional, and eager to solve a wide range of engineering challenges. Our ideal candidate has a strong sense of ownership and enjoys owning projects from inception to scaling it in production. We value people who take pride in their work, and show an aptitude for learning quickly whether they’re familiar with our stack or not. As an early employee, you'll be working with a nimble team of committed and talented engineers and having a large, long term impact on technical design and engineering culture. What You'll Do Build performant and scalable platforms and services powering Ramp’s innovative products Contribute to Ramp’s financial products platform (Risk, Fraud, Treasury Management) and/or savings and web app platform (Savings Insights, Receipt Matching) Work closely with product and business teams to understand customer feedback in order to constantly improve our product Help establish and influence engineering process, tools, and systems that will allow us to scale the code base, productivity, and the team What You'll Need Minimum 5 years of relevant work experience Track record of shipping high quality products and features at scale Ability to turn business and product ideas into engineering solutions Desire to work in a fast paced environment, continuously grow, and master your craft Alignment with Ramp’s core values of enabling businesses to grow more by spending less Nice to Haves BS (or higher) in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent technical experience Familiarity with or desire to learn our tech stack which includes, but not limited to: Flask (Python), Elixir, AWS, RabbitMQ, PostgreSQL Passion for, or curiosity to learn, financial technology Ramp Benefits 100% medical, dental & vision insurance coverage for you Partially covered for your dependents 401k (including employer match) Unlimited PTO WFH stipend to support your home office needs Monthly wellness stipend Annual education reimbursement Relocation support Professional non internship experience with front end, web or mobile software development using JavaScript, HTML and CSS Experience with object oriented design Amazon Advertising operates at the intersection of e Commerce and Advertising, offering a range of digital advertising solutions with the goal of helping our customers discover and shop for anything they want to buy. Advertising is an extension of the shopping experience and as consumers watch more video than ever, a viewing revolution is underway in how people consume video and connect with brands. People are watching more video and shopping online more than ever, but the viewing medium is shifting from traditional broadcast and cable TV to connected TVs and OTT apps. As viewing habits shift, a tremendous opportunity is emerging to shape the future of video advertising and shopping experiences. Do you want to be part of a new program to drive innovation within Amazon Advertising in this emerging space? Does the opportunity to build new advertising experiences on a cross functional team with a startup mentality excite you? We are a stealth program inventing new ad formats for the living room screen, run with the notion that we are here to serve and understand consumers, advertisers and publishers better than anyone else. We build large scale, high profile consumer facing products to change the way people shop from advertising. If you are passionate about speed, innovation, collaborative problem solving and advocating on behalf of the customer, join our insurgent team to be a part of the next generation of advertising experiences. Job Responsibilities: Building scalable, well designed software, and strive to constantly improve our technical foundation and user experience. Direct impact on your customers by making it easy and efficient for these suppliers to advertise their brands and products, increase sales and improve the Amazon shopper experience Build the next generation of intelligent self service video advertising tools Impact and Career Growth: Use your rare combination of solid coding background, good design sense, an aptitude to apply cutting edge technologies at scale Opportunity to challenge the status quo and raise the bar on every service and feature built. Sharpen your skills in major end to end deliverables in design and implementation Collaborate with fellow software engineers, UX designers, product managers, technical program managers, and partner teams Amazon is investing heavily in building a world class advertising business. With a broad mandate to experiment and innovate, we are growing at an unprecedented rate with a seemingly endless range of new opportunities. Ability to convert a design document into a working service with no loss in fidelity Domain expertise in ReactJS, NodeJs or a modern front end framework Advanced CSS skills Experience influencing professional software engineering practices for shipping and supporting great software services Experience mentoring other software engineers to improve their skills and make them more effective and productive Strong advocacy of agile engineering practices Success with continuous integration and deployment practices Familiarity with the online advertising or e commerce industry General awesomeness in software engineering and life Experience developing front end software, with deep experience in one or more relevant front end frameworks (React, Webcomponents, etc.) Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Program Overview: The selected candidate(s) will work on web applications and web services. We are seeking candidates that have a strong foundation in programming, with a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related study/field, excellent oral and written communication skills. Candidate Profile: Military Veteran OR recent college graduate with a Bachelor's degree in any of the following concentrations: Information Systems Computer Science Related STEM discipline Tech Savvy Availability to work full time Immediate start date Able to pass an extensive background (if selected) Essential Duties: Participate in the full project life cycle including gathering requirements, system design, implementation, testing, deployment, and support of applications Follow standard methodologies and Agile practices to produce high quality applications in an efficient manner Other duties and/or projects as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science Solid understanding of Object Oriented Design and Programming. Solid understanding of web application development processes, from the layout/user interface to relational database structures. Understanding the full life cycle of a software product. Knowledge of SAP preferred. Ability to work within an Agile team environment. Legally authorized to work in the US (no sponsorship now or in the future). A problem solver with a keen eye for detail. Able to engage yourself in a project and enjoy the challenges and processes involved. Eager, ambitious, and adaptable to change. General Skills: Excellent written and verbal English communication skills. Organizational and problem solving skills. Ability to manage multiple priorities concurrently. Willingness to learning new technologies and models. Team player. Self starter with the ability to independently resolve issues and deliver results. A strong aptitude in IT and the interest and drive to expand your IT skill set. Location: New York Metro Area Compensation: Full Time Compensation: $2000/Hour (Plus Benefits) About WOS Founded in 2005, Workforce Opportunity Services (WOS) is a nonprofit dedicated to recruiting, training and placing underserved and veteran job seekers into long lasting careers at prominent organizations. To date, WOS has served 5,300+ individuals through partnerships with more than 65 corporations in 60+ locations worldwide. For more information, visit wforceorg 114 5th Ave (22114), United States of America, New York, New York Master Software Engineer Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies to join our team. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Learn more about #lifeatcapitalone and our commitment to diversity & inclusion by jumping to slides 76 91 on our Corporate Social Responsibility Report. What You’ll Do: Lead a portfolio of diverse technology projects and a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems to create solutions that help meet regulatory needs for the company Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, mentoring other members of the engineering community, and from time to time, be asked to code or evaluate code Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment Work with cloud native stack, build on AWS, use technologies like Kubernetes and Serverless Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree At least 5 years of experience in software engineering At least 1 year experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or public cloud service Preferred Qualifications: Master's Degree 4+ years of experience in at least one of the following: Java, Scala, Python, Go, Javascript, Angularjs or Nodejs 4+ years of experience in open source frameworks 1+ years of people management experience 2+ years of experience in Agile practices At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position. Backend Software Engineer Understoodorg's mission is to make a positive difference for the 1 in 5 individuals in the United States with learning and thinking differences, including dyslexia, ADHD and more. We're building the next generation of digital platforms for these 70+ million people in the US. who learn differently. We believe they have the potential, and right, to lead a fulfilling life. Understoodorg's leadership and focus on impact have created a unique opportunity to work at a non profit and experience the culture and challenges to rival any for profit, tech enabled company in NYC. Because we are privately funded, it allows us to spend our efforts prioritizing our resources towards problem solving. It's a great time to join our cause, grow your career and have a real impact on people's lives! About the Position We are looking for a backend engineer to help build engaging products on our platform. You will be involved with setting technical direction and helping decide on new ideas, as well as realizing these ideas in code in a highly collaborative environment. We are a growing engineering team with a mission and a purpose. We work closely with the product and data teams on building our next generation platform, and value thoughtful and collaborative work that has a meaningful and positive social impact. Our team is in the midst of establishing workflows, process, and technical direction and you will have a chance to help us define the future direction of our platform. What You'll Do You will write clean, consistent, and performant code mainly in Python You will work with the product and front end teams to develop required functionality and APIs You will work in a microservices architecture You will write tests for your code You will review the code of your peers via pull requests on GitHub You will be responsible for developing end to end features You will deploy to production often You will help select the best toolset for a particular service Who You Are You have 2 5 years of backend development experience You are passionate about technology, always eager to learn more, and a team player You have experience with modern version control systems, such as git or mercurial (we use git) You have experience with a modern programming languages, such as Python or Go You have experience using web frameworks, such as Tornado, Django, Flask. We use Tornado, so asyncio experience is a plus You are proficient with Linux and feel comfortable at the command line You know what containers are and have maybe even used them (Docker, rkt, etc) You have an understanding of what it means to be cloud native and have experience with at least one public cloud (GCP, AWS, Azure) You know what microservices are, even if you haven't used them yourself, and can speak to their advantages and disadvantages You have experience working with at least one database, whether it be relational or non relational Working at Understood Understood's mission is to make a positive difference for the 70+ million individuals in the United States with learning and thinking differences. To achieve a positive impact for the 1 in 5 individuals that learn and think differently, our efforts require an integrated focus on five key drivers: The individual with learning and attention issues from early childhood through adulthood. The parents (or caregivers) of the individual, who play the most powerful support role in individuals' development. The educators, who are critical in the development of the individual from early childhood to becoming an adult. The employer, who needs to be engaged and enabling in the individual's successful transition to adulthood. The entire population (5 in 5), who need to be aware and accepting (without stigma) of people with learning and thinking differences. Understood is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applications without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, alienage or citizenship status, marital or familial status, domestic partnership status, caregiver status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, change of sex or transgender status, genetic information, medical condition, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, physical or mental disability (where the applicant or employee is qualified to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation), any protected military or veteran status, or status as a victim of domestic or dating violence, sexual assault or offense, stalking, or any other characteristics protected by federal, state or local law or that of persons with whom that individual associates,or any other legally protected characteristics. For additional information on learning and thinking differences, including ADD/ADHD, dyslexia, dyscalculia, dysgraphia, dyspraxia, executive functioning issues, nonverbal learning differences, processing issues and more, please visit wwwunderstood.org. Company Description Twitter is what’s happening and what people are talking about right now. For us, life's not about a job, it's about purpose. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we'll do what's right (not what's easy) to serve the public conversation. Job Description Who We are: Twitter's Discovery teams are dedicated to getting the majority of the world to converse in public using Twitter. We are composed of many teams across the company, including Product, Engineering, Design, and Research. These teams are responsible for understanding the needs of all users including new users and users who are not very active, and help them discover the value of Twitter by building personalized products. The mission is to instantly connect people with conversations and audiences most meaningful to them! We realize this goal involves work in areas such as machine learning, applied data science, recommendation systems, and information retrieval systems. Do you want to make a huge impact while working with large data sets at scale? If so, a Discovery team is a good fit for you! Qualifications What You’ll Do You'll work with an awesome team of engineers, product managers, data scientists, researchers, and designers to build experiences powered by large scale recommender systems. This includes: Working with product engineers to identify product metrics that causally impact business metrics. Applying data mining, machine learning and/or graph analysis techniques to a variety of modeling, relevance, and recommendation problems to build production quality solutions that balance complexity and performance. Participating in the engineering life cycle at Twitter, including designing high quality ML infrastructure and data pipelines, writing production code, conducting code reviews, and working alongside our infrastructure and reliability teams. Although you will work on groundbreaking problems, this position is not a research position. Who You Are You have strong product understanding and an intuition for how to use modeling to address product needs. You are not only comfortable with ambiguity but view it as an opening to quickly explore a multitude of options. You can apply advanced statistical and machine learning techniques to model user behavior, build benchmark metrics, and drive causal impact using A/B testing. You have the ability to take on complex problems, learn quickly, iterate, and persist towards a good solution. Requirements: We are currently looking for candidates at multiple levels, from ML SWE2 with an MS or PhD. in Computer Science (or related field) and 2+ years of work experience to Sr level candidates with 5+ years of experience. Experience with one or more of the following: deep learning, reinforcement learning, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar. Experience with data pipelines and large scale data stores. Firm grasp of CS fundamentals, Data structures, and algorithms Experience handling large scale quantitative customer data to solve problems and answer questions Desired Experience collaborating across cross functional teams including analytics, product management, and operations. Hand on experience in at least one of the deep neural networks including FNN, CNN, RNN, Deep Reinforcement Learning Experience with deep learning frameworks such Tensorflow, Pytorch Experience with GCP Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Software Management Information Systems Intern (NYC) What You Will Do: Retensa's Technology Interns will work in a fast paced and forward thinking environment to assist in the design, architecture, and deployment of cloud based Software as a Service applications, new websites and mobile application programs. While gaining true hands on experience, you will engage in real world cross functional technology problem solving from the ground up. In addition, the internship provides insight on innovative solutions to help us respond to changing markets with speed and flexibility. This is not a filing and copying internship. The internship is for focused individuals with previous software skills desiring real world experience to expand your knowledge and develop your career in a short period of time. _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Who We Are: Retensa is internationally recognized as a thought leader by ABC News, Forbes, the Wall Street Journal, BusinessWeek, and the New York Times as a leader and innovator of Employee Retention Strategies and Workforce Technology. Retensa provides talent management solutions to mid size and large firms on 5 continents in 15 languages with a mission of creating workplaces where every employee is engaged by what they do, and inspired by who they work for. Retensa helps employers reduce staff turnover, improve morale, and mine HR data for predictive analytics. What We Believe: Retensa views internships as a way to enhance your career and personal growth while we achieve collaborative innovation. As an intern with us, you will be at the forefront of Management Consulting, Cloud Technology, and Rapid Application Development. What You Are: Candidates should be hard working, enthusiastic, and resourceful Seniors or Graduate students in CS, CIS, Web Tech, IT, or MIS. Candidates must have experience in any TWO of the following: 1) Web app development 3) Application Testing 5) Amazon Cloud (AWS) 2) Mobile app development 4) Ecommerce/Merchant Services 6) Software Documentation Required: Strict Minimum 30 GPA. Prior web technology skills of any kind are required. Automation testing experience is preferred. Responsibilities: Reviewing and supporting application standards Supporting implementation of automation testing and bug testing Updating software tools Updating product development methodologies and processes R&D research on the newest technologies and best practices The ideal software engineering intern applicant should be proficient in English and possess good written and verbal communication skills. This person should be a strong team player with a positive attitude. Time: Min 24 32 max hours. Minimum of 3 days/week, part time/flexible hours available. To apply, please submit your application to our Careers Site Due to the high volume of applicants, we may only be able to contact qualified candidates.* Summary Posted: Sep 8, 2020 Role Number:200188765 At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming phenomenal products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. You bring passion, and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Apple Pay Payments Engineering is the place to be if you are passionate about working on awesome technology that impacts our millions of users daily. As part of this team, you will have the opportunity to explore and contribute to a wide variety of interesting projects. We would love to hear from you if you're enthusiastic, highly motivated, and want to make an impact! Be a part of an innovative impactful team making a difference. Key Qualifications Minimum 5 years of professional experience as a software engineer with a strong Computer Science background Knowledgeable or experienced in building highly scalable and performant RESTful web services Proficiency in modern programming languages, preferably Java. Scala, Python, C++ or other JVM based languages are acceptable Motivated, self starter with strong problem solving skills, ability to communicate thoughtfully and a keen eye for building great products. Knowledge of databases both SQL and NoSQL and entity relationship modeling Experience building and leading projects for complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers at scale Description This position is for a Senior Software Engineer within the Apple Pay Payments Engineering team. You will be highly self motivated and passionate about the challenges of building large scale systems and features used by hundreds of millions of users. You should be a collaborative teammate and have excellent communication and presentation skills. Job functions include: Designing and developing highly reliable, scalable server platforms with attention to detail Drive independently a project from inception to production deployment with a strong focus on performance and robustness Follow our software development process including writing unit tests, perform code reviews etc. Ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly Work effectively with cross functional teams to develop features Provide support for production deployments Demonstrate ability to deliver results on time with high quality Education & Experience BS in Computer Science or equivalent, MS preferred. Additional Requirements Any of the following experience below is an advantage:Experience working in paymentsExperience in financial technology industryPublic cloud platforms (AWS, GCP etc)Experience with Docker and Kubernetes About Thirty Madison Thirty Madison is building the premier healthcare company for people with chronic health issues. Through our novel approach to care delivery, powered by our proprietary platform and brands built around specific chronic conditions, we combine the best of specialist level healthcare with the convenience of telemedicine. In just three years, we've built three brands on top of our platform: Keeps (for men's hair loss), Cove (for migraine), and Evens (for acid reflux). We're growing rapidly, recently raised a $47m Series B, and are backed by some of the best healthcare and consumer investors, including Polaris Partners, Johnson & Johnson, Maveron, Northzone, First Round, and Greycroft, among others. The Role Are you an engineer interested in contributing to a high growth team that is rebuilding the healthcare experience for the modern consumer? You will get to: Implement new features using modern web frameworks, libraries, and tools (React, Apollo GraphQL, Cypress) Work with team leads to develop great mobile/web experiences for Thirty Madison users across all of our healthcare brands Work with the design team to deliver pixel perfect implementations that convert! Collaborate on peer code reviews and architecture discussions You should have: 3+ years experience as a Software Engineer, primarily developing user facing production features on a modern web stack Fluency in at least one modern web framework (ex: Node/React, Ruby on Rails, Python/Django, etc.) Exposure to modern state management patterns on the front end Proficiency in team oriented git workflow Strong CSS/JS development and testing abilities A strong commitment to testing and quality We value: Resourceful builders who can balance the pace of a fast growing startup with the need for high quality code Great communicators who can deliver visibility across the organization and suggest initiatives to maximize impact Entrepreneurs at heart who are excited to be part of a growing team, take initiative, and drive results. Team players with no ego who are eager to learn on their own and from others how to level up in their career. This role reports into an Engineering Manager in our company Headquarters. You'll sit with the core engineering team alongside our Product Team, Business Stakeholders and company Founders! How we are managing through the COVID pandemic and its impact on our team? These are unprecedented times and we understand COVID 19 is impacting everyone differently. Our primary goal from the beginning of the pandemic has been to ensure employee safety. We went from optional to mandatory work from home very quickly in early March, and we have told employees that they can work remotely through April 2021 to allow them to plan accordingly. We have also rolled out several initiatives to help our team successfully navigate the uncertainty associated with COVID 19. These initiatives have included providing funds for home office improvements, medical reimbursements, free meditation/mindfulness tools, mandatory "Me Days" away from work, company wide days off, and fun opportunities to connect live with teammates each week (such as virtual escape rooms). We continue to examine different benefits, tools, and processes that best support our employees as we continue to work remotely and eventually begin transitioning back to the office. Benefits: Competitive salary, equity, and career development opportunities 100% coverage on many health, dental, and vision insurance plans Pre tax commuter benefits, 401k, and FSA Budget for the technology tools you need — whether a laptop, monitor, or special software Unlimited vacation days and annual $1,000 vacation stipend We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions. Please contact us to request accommodation. As a member of our team, you'll architect, craft, and ship code that drives our entire business: from improving customer experience in our skin analysis web application to powering logistics and operations at scale. You'll be joining a small team of bright engineers who enjoy working together. What you will be working on: Design, develop, and test the Atolla core software stack Deliver both frontend and backend improvements that optimize the Atolla experience Work within a product team to ship well tested features & enhancements to production Help define the next generation of Atolla's web app, store and website stacks Have end to end responsibility for projects of increasing complexity Assist with the implementation and refinement of Atolla algorithms Who you are: You have a strong sense for API design, database design, and simplifying architecture You have experience with scaling up production applications and databases You have experience in a cloud native environment (eg. GoogleCloud) You follow modern software development practices (git, CI, automated testing) You can self start and is able to problem solve given business needs What would make you stand out: Experience with React Experience in the Python ecosystem (Django, Flask, SqlAlchemy, PeeWee) Experience with eCommerce This is a full time, 100% on site position. Description As Seismic continues growing, we’ve added capabilities for marketing orchestration to help complete the life cycle of content creation and management. On this team, you will focus on building out backend solutions leveraging a variety of tools, so a polyglot mentality and ability to work across several languages will be key to success. With solid levels of autonomy and ownership, you leverage leading edge technology and cloud native architectures to drive new feature development. The Content Marketing Platform team is responsible for the core functionality of Seismic’s marketing orchestration product. As a member of this team, you will be maintaining a large diverse codebase as well as defining and building new features essential to the future of the core product. What you will do: Define technology strategy for building out new marketing orchestration features vital to the success of the product Work collaboratively with PMs to fulfill feature requirements and customer requests Experiment with new patterns and technologies to provide forward thinking direction for the engineering organization. Collaborate in service architecture discussions and promote adoption of best practices and uniformity in system design and programming patterns. Develop, improve, and maintain our monolith, and help refactor its components into micro services. What you bring to the team: 2+ years of industry working experience with Python. Experience with Django is a plus. Experience with SQL (Eg. MySQL & PostgresQL) and NoSQL technologies (eg. Redis). Experience with developing REST APIs. Experience with OAuth. Experience developing microservices is a plus. Experience with Golang is a plus What we have for you: Generous PTO, paid holidays, and paid sick leave Competitive Medical, Dental and Vision Plans Robust 401(k) fund options with company matching Catered meals, happy hours, healthy snacks, and coffee bar Seismic Cares volunteer program #OneSeismic culture that celebrates wins, encourages autonomy, ownership, and transparency About Us: Seismic, ranked as one of the best places to work by Inc. Magazine, is a rapidly growing Forbes Cloud 100 company and the market leader in sales enablement platforms. Seismic equips teams with the knowledge, messaging, and personalized content they need to engage with prospective buyers in the most effective and compelling manner during their buying journeys. Seismic has more than 700 customers across global, enterprise, and SMB segments, including IBM, American Express, PayPal, Rockwell Automation, and Quest Diagnostics and is helping these companies achieve higher win rates, larger deal sizes, and improved customer retention rates. With 14 offices around the world, Seismic has more than 800 employees. Our board of directors is comprised of industry luminaries, including John Thompson, chairman of the board for Microsoft. Handy is a home services marketplace on a mission to disrupt the $400B home services market by seamlessly delivering every service to every home. Handy has fundamentally changed the way the world buys home services by making it as easy to buy a service online as it is to buy a product. We connect customers to vetted, independent local professionals at the tap of a button, while providing upfront pricing, customer choice in scheduling (no more pesky 4 hour windows), cashless payments and a service guarantee. Started in 2012 by Oisin Hanrahan & Umang Dua, Handy has scaled to offer cleaning, installation and assembly services across the US, Canada and the UK. Handy offers its services both direct to consumer via our website and mobile apps and through partnerships with some of the largest retailers in the world, including Wayfair, Walmart, Lowes, Costco and more. As of 2019, Handy is an independently operated subsidiary of ANGI Homeservices (Nasdaq: ANGI), the world's largest home services marketplace including brands like HomeAdvisor and Angie's List. This milestone is allowing us to expand to hundreds of more home services to bring the Handy experience to millions of more customers and professionals. About the team: At Handy, we form small, high impact teams and empower them to iterate rapidly. You'll be joining one of the teams as a software engineer. As skillful individual contributors software engineers form the core middle tier of our teams. You will be collaborating with your team members (engineering, product, and operations) to build and release features/products to production everyday. We practice continuous deployment and our engineers release web features throughout a day with a push of a button. What you will do: Be part of a team that builds impactful features for our customers and pros everyday Collaborate with product and business teams to review specs and breakdown features into releasable chunks and work on those features Contribute to code reviews, architectural and design reviews, evangelize best engineering practices, and participate in Handy lunch & learn sessions ("Nuts & Bolts") Be part of our production on call rotation to support what you built Who you are: A skillful engineer with at least 3+ years of full time, hands on experience in a web stack Well versed in at least one object oriented programming language: Ruby, Python, etc. Always eager to understand and solve impactful business problems A great collaborator with both technical and non technical team members Have a good foundational knowledge of programming languages, databases, operating systems, data structures, algorithms, and complexity trade offs Having worked at or founded a growth stage startup is a plus Compensation & Benefits Competitive salary and equity commensurate with experience and performance Full medical, dental, vision package to fit your needs Monthly Handy credits Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it A fun office in the heart of the Flatiron district, always stocked with coffee, snacks and drinks; catered lunch and dinner, foosball, office events and team outings Ground floor opportunity with the team The rare opportunity to work with sharp, motivated teammates solving some of the most unique challenges and changing the world We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Working as an engineer at Hudson River Trading (HRT) means working on a small, highly productive, and efficient team. At HRT, a fully automated trading firm based in NYC, the code you write *is* our business, so it is everyone's job, top to bottom, to make sure our core dev team has everything they need to do their jobs well. As an FPGA Software Engineer you will be working at the cutting edge of low latency trading, collaborating closely with strategy developers and hardware developers to build best in class trading systems. This is a role with many hats; you'll help conceptualize new kinds of trading, optimize low level code, design new APIs, deploy and monitor live trading systems, build tools and testing infrastructure, and plan physical networking layouts. Your job will be to help figure out what hardware to build, how to build it, and then how to seamlessly integrate it into the existing trading environment. The Skills: Excellent design, debugging, and problem solving skills. C++ expertise is required. Knowledge of UNIX operating systems (we use Linux), system/processor performance, and network communication. Previous exposure to Verilog and FPGAs preferred. The Profile: You possess a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. You are capable of working independently as well as part of a team. You can analyze and fix problems quickly. Can look at code, figure out how it works, and how to make it better. Can describe software designs at a high level (the abstract interface), low level (step by step algorithm), or anywhere in between. You really like to work with people who challenge you and make you better at what you do. In your spare time you: code, tinker, read, explore, break things, and have an insatiable curiosity for all things computer related. Culture Hudson River Trading (HRT) brings a scientific approach to trading financial products. We have built one of the world's most sophisticated computing environments for research and development. Our researchers are at the forefront of innovation in the world of algorithmic trading. At HRT we come from all sorts of backgrounds: mathematics, computer science, statistics, physics, and engineering. We're a community of self starters who are motivated by the excitement of being at the cutting edge of automated trading. Our culture celebrates great ideas whether they come from HRT veterans or new hires. At HRT we're friends and colleagues, whether we are sharing a meal, playing the latest board game, or writing elegant code. We embrace a culture of togetherness that extends far beyond the walls of our office. Seem like something you might be interested in? Our goal is to find the best people and bring them together to do great work in a place where everyone is valued. HRT is proud of our diverse staff; we have offices all over the globe and benefit from our varied and unique perspectives. HRT is an equal opportunity employer; so whoever you are, we'd love to get to know you. Summary Posted: Sep 21, 2020 Weekly Hours: 3 Role Number:200193805 Apple Pay Server Engineering is the place to be if you are interested in working on awesome technology that is used by millions of people every single day! As part of the Apple Pay Server Engineering team, you will have the opportunity to explore and contribute to a wide variety of interesting projects within Apple Pay. If you meet the key qualifications and you are self driven, enthusiastic, highly motivated, and you want to make an impact, we'd love to hear from you! Key Qualifications Minimum 5+ years relevant industry experience Experience writing server software in Java or C/C++ or C# Experience/Knowledge working on highly scalable applications and RESTful web services Knowledge of databases both SQL and NoSQL Familiarity with scalability and performance issues Understand software development process from inception to delivery of code to production Strong Computer Science background Interest in payment industry Experience/understanding of security and cryptography (not mandatory) Description Responsible for designing and developing highly reliable, scalable server platforms with attention to detail Follow our software development process including writing unit tests, perform code reviews etc. Ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly Work effectively with cross functional teams to develop features Provide support for production deployments Demonstrate ability to deliver results on time with high quality Education & Experience Bachelor in Computer Science or equivalent Bruin helps organizations transition their telecom, data and wireless services when business needs change. From online ordering to white glove support, we enable full lifecycle control of your telecom. We’re not like other teams. The Telecommunication Expense Management (TEM) space is filled with archaic software and boring slogans. Bruin is blazing a new path and building a team of experts with a passion for creating great software products and outstanding customer relationships. We have high expectations and a career with Bruin means challenging yourself to always be better. Role Bruin is looking for a software support engineer to help build and enhance capabilities on our web app application The ideal candidate will have 1+ year of software development and 2+ years of software support experience with a BS. in Computer Science, Information Systems or a related area. You also need to be a great communicator, team player and a hands on problem solver who delves into any technical and business problems with confidence. Duties & Responsibilities Work directly with clients, client services, and operations to provide first line software support for the company’s Bruin Telecommunications Management Platform. Use creative problem solving and analytical skills to help solve complex technical and business problems. Collaborate with product management and development teams to improve quality of products by resolving, troubleshooting, tracking and prioritizing development and production issues. Communicate complex technical and business information in a concise and articulate manner. Design, develop & test customer care system for the client by #C, ASP .NET MVC, ORM and MS SQL. Design, develop and maintain WCF SOAP/RESTful web service to integrate most of the intermapper service ticket API using email support. Design, develop & test client setting system using C#, ASP .NET RESTful API and MS SQL Implement Wtb UI by HTML5, Javascipt/JQuery & JSON/AJAX, knockoutjs, CSS3 asnd dynamic client facing settings Manage, deploy, maintain, upgrade large ASP .NET Contracts system to MVC application and improve the application efficiency. Desired Qualifications BS. in Computer Science, Information Systems or a related area. 1+ year of hands on experience developing web based applications with Microsoft Technologies such as SQL, C#, .NET, JavaScript, React, HTML, CSS, and IIS. 2+ years of software support experience. The ability to work on multiple tasks, prioritizing and organizing these tasks to maximize productivity. A passion for solving problems and learning. Experience in working directly and effectively with clients. To apply, send a cover letter and resume/CV to jobs@bruincom. About Us: LeagueApps is the operating system and community for youth and local sports leaders—providing them with the tools they need to manage and grow their organizations, and deliver amazing experiences to their members. A fast growing, venture backed company, we count professional leagues, teams, and athletes as our customers and partners, and reach millions of people every day through our best in class SaaS platform. Beyond our sports management software, which powers everything from registration to payments to communications, we are committed to creating conversation around the topics and trends that will shape our industry's future—injury prevention for youth players, the intersection of sport and technology, and equitable access for all those who wish to play. About the role: To support our quickly growing team, we are seeking a Platform Software Engineer to help build our core platform. You'll ensure the stability of our platform through identifying and addressing performance bottlenecks. You'll assist in managing and improving the systems that make LeagueApps tick: things like MySQL, our cloud infrastructure, error reporting. You'll plan and execute software engineering projects, with a focus on estimating accuracy and quality of development for all platforms supported by LeagueApps. You'll plan, execute, and evangelize software architecture improvements that support key business and technical goals. You'll work closely with Product Management and other business stakeholders to understand and translate requirements into technical projects. You'll research, implement, and evangelize new tools and technologies to support infrastructure, devops, and security improvements to the platform. You'll develop test cases for automated testing systems and assist in the QA Engineering process. You'll provide troubleshooting and escalated technical support for production features. Our stack: Java Struts 2 & Spring MVC Hibernate React MySQL GCP About you: You're excited about building great software You're curious and passionate You thrive in a collaborative environment You write clean, testable code with an eye towards maintainability You're smart, humble, and enjoy learning as much as teaching Perks! Equity Grants Health Benefits! Medical, Dental, and Vision Health coverage We'll pay for your sports leagues! Computer, Cell Phone, and Gym subsidies Culture and work environment that emphasizes teamwork, passion, learning, and fun Social impact opportunities through our FundPlay initiative that includes events, volunteering, and grant making LeagueApps is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description Part of Etsy's mission is to help connect buyers and sellers. The Payments team works on that goal by enabling buyers and sellers to transact seamlessly with each other across countries, languages, and currencies. Specifically, we drive products where money changes hands on and off the site, including checkout, billing, and giftcards. Our systems process millions of dollars a day and are part of the foundation the Etsy marketplace is built on. It's an exciting and fun environment with the opportunity to effect massive growth on an Etsy sized scale. We touch all parts of the Etsy web stack primarily PHP, MySQL and Memcache on the server side. You'll need to think hard about database transactions, sharding, replication, performance, stability, and metrics, and what it takes to move fast and iterate in a world full of sensitive cardholder data. You'll be expected to write infrastructure code, command line tools, move mountains of data, optimize code for site performance and various other forms of heavy lifting. We launch products and we maintain them, and take pride when other teams extend them in ways we hadn't initially conceived. This role is based in Brooklyn, NY or remote within the US & Canada. Qualifications You're an engineer who can turn ideas into extremely fast and reliable code that other people or you, six months into the future will find easy to comprehend and modify. You believe in Etsy's vision of a human driven economy, and are passionate about building the products that enable that economy. You will be successful in this role if you: Care as much about building great products as you do writing great code. Have a knack for organization and breaking down large problems into smaller ones. Can be autonomous and self driven. Strong database experience, especially around scaling applications. You can spin yarns about how you've done this right and wrong at your previous jobs. And we'll give bonus points if you can actually spin yarn. Understanding of the various aspects involved in running a large scale web siteHelp others around you grow as developers and be successful. Enjoy learning about and interacting with the people who use your product. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. You are a full stack developer who can bring ideas to life in the digital space. You like architecting out solutions and then implementing them. You work efficiently and comfortably in ticketing systems, and tackle details with precision while keeping an eye on the big picture. You grasp the implications of back end API integrations, and can effectively communicate functional dependencies to back end developers, designers, producers, and clients. You want to build better experiences and use technology to further human progress. ABOUT FANDUEL GROUP FanDuel Group is a world class team of brands and products all built with one goal in mind — to give fans new and innovative ways to interact with their favorite games, sports, teams, and leagues. That's no easy task, which is why we're so dedicated to building a winning team. And make no mistake, we are here to win, but we believe in winning right. That means we'll never compromise when it comes to looking out for our teammates. From our many opportunities for professional development to our generous insurance and paid leave policies, we're committed to making sure our employees get as much out of FanDuel as we ask them to give. FanDuel Group is based in New York, with offices in California, New Jersey, Florida, Oregon and Scotland. Our brands include: FanDuel— A game changing real money fantasy sports app FanDuel Sportsbook— America's #1 sports betting app TVG— The best in class horse racing TV/media network and betting platform FanDuel Racing— A horse racing app built for the average sports fan FanDuel Casino & Betfair Casino— Fan favorite online casino apps FOXBet — A world class betting platform and affiliate of FanDuel Group PokerStarsUS — The premier online poker product and affiliate of FanDuel Group THE POSITION Our roster has an opening with your name on it We're looking for passionate technologists, strong communicators and those with a commitment to continuous improvement. The ideal candidate will have the confidence to propose pragmatic solutions to complex problems and be eager to learn from and educate others. As a software engineer, you will work in empowered, multidisciplinary teams, autonomously tackling complex challenges that provide the very best experiences and products for a growing community of millions of players. You use technology to solve straightforward problems, seeking input and guidance from team members. You may create or have responsibility to improve or invent small tools or applications. You are able to take defined design and turn it into code and deliver it on schedule, applying appropriate technologies and current software engineering best practices. You write secure, stable, testable, maintainable code with minimal defects. You are proficient in a broad range of data structures and algorithms, knowing when it is appropriate to use them and when it is not. You make appropriate implementation trade off decisions. You participate in team design, scoping and prioritisation discussions. You seek to learn the business context and technologies behind your team's software. You work effectively other team members & identify any opportunities/problems arising from technical decisions. You invent, refine and develop your solutions to ensure they are meeting customer needs and team goals. You are a passionate advocate for your customer. THE GAME PLAN Everyone on our team has a part to play Responsible for the state of the code you both inherit and produce. You write simple and extendable code following standards and best practices. You test your code thoroughly. You classify, store, and handle data in accordance with FanDuel policies. You track security risks and mitigate and/or escalate them in a timely manner. You understand the maintenance characteristics, run time properties, and dependencies or your team's software, including hardware platform, operating system and build dependencies. You clearly document your software to ensure that future generations of developers understand the intention behind the features and components you build. On call rotation where required. In the event of a problem you are able to troubleshoot, research the root cause of problems, and thoroughly resolve defects. You provide excellent customer support. You participate in the interview process and help your team train SE interns. You will keep yourself up to date with market standards, open source frameworks. Most importantly, be; humble, pragmatic, self managed, thirsty for knowledge, never satisfied and always challenging the norm. THE STATS What we're looking for in our next teammate Degree in Computer Science, related field, or equivalent work experience. If specialised in backend, Experience and passion for writing distributed, highly scalable and available backend systems & APIs using Java and/or Python or similar programming languages. Proficient in a broad range of data structures and algorithms. Experience working with cloud based infrastructure and technologies, preferably AWS. Understating of containers (eg. Docker), and orchestration (Kubernetes). Passion to automate your work by using scripting languages eg. Shell scripts. Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive. Demonstrated abilities driving operational excellence and best practices. THE CONTRACT We treat our team right Competitive compensation is just the beginning. As part of our team, you can expect: An exciting and fun environment committed to driving real growth Opportunities to build really cool products that fans love Mentorship and professional development resources to help you refine your game Flexible vacation allowance to let you refuel Hall of Fame benefit programs and platforms FanDuel Group is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing employees so that they reach their full potential. Job Title: Web DeveloperLocation: NYC, NYDuration: 6+ months Contract HireRemote due to Covid 19 regulationsNote: Current experience in Banking Investment projects is highly preferredCompany Profile: · Credit Suisse is a leading global wealth manager with strong investment banking capabilities. Founded in 1856 to pioneer the country's railways and economic expansion, Credit Suisse has expanded to be a global force employing over 48,000 people in 50 countries. With new leadership, a new strategy and a streamlined global organization, we serve our clients through five divisions: our Swiss Universal Bank; International Wealth Management; Asia Pacific; Global Markets; and Investment Banking and Capital Markets. These divisions are supported by our Corporate Functions, including technology, operations, risk management, compliance and more. We partner across businesses and regions to create innovative solutions to meet the needs of our clients—and to help our employees grow. We will invest in your development with ongoing opportunities for training, networking and mobility. Join us and let's shape the new Credit Suisse together.· Credit Suisse is a well known for its electronic trading/ algorithmic trading franchise underpinned by the award winning technology developed by Equities IT. Successful candidate will join the team developing a suite of the electronic trading systems.· The role involves developing presentation layer for all trading applications and requires advanced engineering skills in various web technologies.· The candidate will be responsible for crafting, coding and maintaining web applications and related internal system components according to specifications, striving to build visually appealing friendly user interfaceQualifications: · Must be an expert in Web Application Design and Development, up to date standards and frameworks Must have detailed knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, CSS· Understanding of SVG standard and techniques is a must· Must have working knowledge of Nodejs· Must be familiar with both Linux and Windows Some experience with relational databases and SQL Working knowledge of shell scripting, Perl, Python etcJob Type: ContractSalary: $7500 $8500 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftExperience:JavaScript: 5 years (Preferred)Contract Length:5 6 monthsContract Renewal:LikelyFull Time Opportunity:Yes Zuul is seeking to bring a front end software developer on to assist in the development of the next generation of restaurant technology. Applicants should be self starters with a desire to work in a fast paced and dynamic environment. Responsibilities Work closely with design and development to bring Zuul's vision to life. Architect efficient and reusable system that drive complex applications. Implement end to end testing to ensure consistency. Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues. Qualifications 3+ years experience in html, css/sass, javascript Firm grasp of javascript frameworks like Vuejs / React (internally we use Vue) Experience in css frameworks: Bootstrap (or similar) Experience in development tools: git, webpack, npm etc. Experience implementing end to end testing (Cypress or similar) In the Flatiron District, NYC based FinTech company is looking for a React Based Tech lead to join their team. This is a project management based position where you will be in charge of running entire projects from start to finishRequired:5+ Years Experience working as a Front End DeveloperExperience working with ReactExperience working with Typescript and NodeExposure to ScalaUnfortunately, this client is unable to provide sponsorship or transferThis is a full time, permanent direct hire. Not available as corp to corp, contract, C2HJob Type: Full timePay: $170,00000 $200,00000 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable more reliable than spontaneousDetail oriented would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 Republic is looking for a Frontend Software Engineer to play an integral part in building and scaling our investment platform. As a Frontend Engineer, you’ll collaborate closely with your colleagues in design and product to bring delightful designs and experiences to life. You’ll be vested with a substantial amount of responsibility and autonomy to make a huge impact on our technical direction, and our business as a whole. Our front end tech stack is ES6, React, SASS, and Webpack, alongside some legacy Backbone, CoffeeScript and HAML. We test with Jest and Enzyme. Our ideal candidate: 3+ years of experience Demonstrated ownership on projects working with React and ES6+ Architects efficient and reusable front end systems that drive complex web applications A careful and considered approach to balancing design, architecture, and code quality A passion for stepping into the shoes of our users to come up with high impact ways of quickly solving their problems A high bar for testing, quality assurance, and delivery If you do not meet all of the qualifications listed above, but feel you could add a valuable perspective to our organization, we’d love to hear from you. Republic is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. MAGINXWe are a digital agency in NYC that aims to craft eCommerce websites and solutions. Our experts bring full digital content and services to our customers looking to expand and improve upon their digital shops and presence. We are currently looking for Software Engineer to work on site in our New York officeSoftware EngineerWe are seeking a talented, motivated Software Engineer with experience in ecommerce, who is passionate about coding and eager to use the latest web technologies. You will be working on a number of high profile eCommerce websites that get significant traffic and are integrated with multiple 3rd party systemsPrimary Responsibilities / AccountabilitiesWriting well organized, robust server and client side code with maintainability and scalability in mindProvide time estimates for the implementation of features/functionalityFollow common web standards and development methodologiesResearch and recommend new technology to enhance user experienceIntegrating 3rd party APIs and interfaces with our client sitesAutomating manual processes using scripting languagesQualifications / Abilities3+ Years Work Experience in Web or Software DevelopmentVery strong front end web experience HTML, JS, CSS, Responsive designExperience with popular PHP frameworks, especially Magento/Zend and WordpressExperience with developing integrations with 3rd party systems (fulfillment, ERP etc.)Experience with AJAX and JavaScript Code Libraries Such as Prototype & JQueryExperience in a Cross Browser ImplementationVery comfortable with version control concepts and software (specifically GIT)Excellent written communication skills and expectation managementAbility to handle multiple, competing priorities and meet deadlinesDetail oriented approach to workAbility to work in an open, collaborative environmentJob Type: Full timeJob Type: Full timeBenefits:Paid time offSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payCOVID 19 considerations:Fully Remote during Covid 19Experience:Software Development: 1 year (Preferred)Web: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Location:New York, NY 10005 (Preferred)Work Location:One locationRelocation Assistance Provided:NoBenefit Conditions:Only full time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 Software Builder & Breaker (Entry level)Candidate Description: Some of your friends are going to work in The Valley after graduation, but you want to be more than a cog at some Tech Giant. You want to work on something challenging and you think cybersecurity could be it. You may want to release your own branded vulnerability one day. Or you just want to do something that doesn’t involve web development. You want to do more than click buttons in a GUI; you want to help build the next generation of tools and techniques to break and/or protect software. Most of all, you want a place to learn, grow, and code on interesting thingsLocation: Rome, NYClearance Requirements: Active DoD clearance or ability to acquire and maintain a DoD security clearanceRequired Technical SkillsProgramming Languages: C, Assembly, Python, and BashYou have experience with and prefer to build software using C, Assembly, Python, and BashYou’ve used a debugger to find bugs in your codeYou are comfortable navigating the command line of at least one OS (Windows, Linux, Android, iOS, etc)Required Non Technical SkillsYou like to document things as you workYou like to discuss your ideas and favorite tools with teammatesSense of humor is required; you laugh at the idiosyncrasies of programming because otherwise you would cryDesired ExperiencesSoftware Development: You have examples of significant software projects and/or open source contributions on your githubVulnerability Research: You had a significant accomplishment at a Hackathon and/or CTFResearch and Problem Solving: You worked with a research group at your collegeReverse Engineering: You have developed “cheats” for some of your favorite video gamesEducation: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fieldJob Type: Full timePay: $60,00000 $72,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Security Clearance Required:Top Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applyCompany's website:siegetechnologiescomBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full time employees eligibleWork Remotely:No Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of relevant work experience in software development. Experience in software development using a general purpose programming language (eg., C/C++, Java, Python, JavaScript, C#, Go, Objective C, and/or Swift). Experience architecting and developing distributed systems design. Preferred qualifications: Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field. Hands on technical leadership experience leading project teams and setting technical direction. Demonstrated expertise working with one or more of the following: Infrastructure, Machine Learning, Mobile Application Development, Embedded Systems, Front End Development, Security and Privacy. Experience architecting and developing solutions to ambiguous problems with significant impact. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Help build a team and cultivate innovation by driving cross collaboration and execution of projects across multiple teams. Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve the software. Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise. Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Our Mission: Healthcare is too hard. At Zocdoc, we strive every day to make it easier for patients to get the care they need. Founded with a mission to give power to the patient, Zocdoc enables the seamless healthcare experience patients expect and deserve. Every day, we hear from patients who tell us about the very real difference we've made in their lives. You can hear some of their stories here. The safety and health of our employees is our top priority. As such we will not require our teams to return to the offices until Labor Day 2021. Click here to read more about this decision from Zocdoc's founder and CEO, Oliver Kharraz. Your Impact on our Mission: We are looking for a Software Engineer (SE) to join our engineering team at Zocdoc! As an SE at Zocdoc you'll balance individual contribution with mastering best practices and collaborating with your peers. You'll take ideas from inception to reality by rapidly building prototypes, iterating and releasing them. You'll build scalable products to make a simple and efficient healthcare experience for patients, providers, and your fellow Zocdocr's. You'll enjoy this role if you are… Passionate about building fully scalable platforms with the latest technologies A product driven engineer Excited to use technology to enhance the consumer experience Your day to day is… Contributing across the stack with technologies like React, Scala, Nodejs and C# Building products designed to scale quickly like new patient interactions, native advertising technology and new functionality that helps doctors optimize their Zocdoc experience Shipping new features to millions of users autonomously, with fully automated continuous integration and deployment. Working with industry leading technologies across AWS in a scalable and resilient microservice environment Collaborating with our agile team of dedicated and brilliant engineers, product managers, and designers. Sharing and learning through our technology guilds, design and code review processes, and teams that love to explore new ideas and work together You'll be successful in this role if you have… A natural curiosity and passion for technology A sound foundation in computer science fundamentals and are excited to deepen your coding and OO design skills Experience working well on agile teams and value open communication, conflict resolution and real time feedback that makes both you and your team better Experience building and deploying client facing web applications that scale 3+ years of professional back end development experience. Knowledge of OOP, FP, and React are all a plus, as is experience writing automated tests A Computer Science or related degree preferred Benefits: Competitive PTO 100% covered health care for employees Parental leave Catered lunch everyday along with snacks Discounted gym memberships Cell Phone reimbursement Commuter Benefits Convenient Soho location Team outings to celebrate goals About us: Of course, your healthcare experience probably isn't perfect yet. But no matter what, we'll continue to put the patient's needs first. We simply believe there's no better way to deliver the great healthcare experience we all deserve. We created Zocdoc to solve patient problems, beginning with online appointment booking – and we haven't stopped building since. With Zocdoc, you can see doctors' open appointment times and book instantly online, make informed choices with verified reviews, and stay on top of important checkups with tailored reminders. The Applications Development Intermediate Programmer Analyst is an intermediate level position responsible for participation in the establishment and implementation of new or revised application systems and programs in coordination with the Technology team. The overall objective of this role is to contribute to applications systems analysis and programming activities. Responsibilities: Utilize knowledge of applications development procedures and concepts, and basic knowledge of other technical areas to identify and define necessary system enhancements, including using script tools and analyzing/interpreting code Consult with users, clients, and other technology groups on issues, and recommend programming solutions, install, and support customer exposure systems Apply fundamental knowledge of programming languages for design specifications. Analyze applications to identify vulnerabilities and security issues, as well as conduct testing and debugging Serve as advisor or coach to new or lower level analysts Identify problems, analyze information, and make evaluative judgements to recommend and implement solutions Resolve issues by identifying and selecting solutions through the applications of acquired technical experience and guided by precedents Has the ability to operate with a limited level of direct supervision. Can exercise independence of judgement and autonomy. Acts as SME to senior stakeholders and /or other team members. Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. Qualifications: 2 5 years of relevant experience in the Financial Service industry Intermediate level experience in Applications Development role Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and verbal communication Demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills Ability to work under pressure and manage deadlines or unexpected changes in expectations or requirements Education: Bachelor’s degree/University degree or equivalent experience This job description provides a high level review of the types of work performed. Other job related duties may be assigned as required. Job Family Group: Technology Job Family: Applications Development Time Type: Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi. View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement. View the EEO Policy Statement. View the Pay Transparency Posting Join an Innovative Deep Learning team with the opportunity to be creative while supporting ever changing technology. Our Ideal Candidate Is/Has 1+ years experience with website design Great HTML and CSS skills, experience developing web sites without templates Graphic design experience strongly preferred JavaScript Good collaboration, teamwork, and learning skills RWD Nice to haves Image processing / production skills and experience with InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator The Job Bowery is looking for a Software Engineer! Engineering teams at Bowery have a high degree of autonomy. Software engineers work closely with design and product to build features, platforms and solve technical problems. Working at bowery you will help build the platform that will revolutionize real estate appraisal. Who You Are An engineer who's comfortable working on dynamic teams. Someone who can both see the big picture and communicate clearly the steps required to deliver. You enjoy taking the time to help your co workers succeed putting the team's success above your own. At Bowery, we value humble contributors with high end communication skills, open minds, and high degrees of conscientiousness. Responsibilities Build features, fix bugs and tackle tech debt as part of an engineering team Contribute to agile ceremonies Support our internal users Write technical documentation Test software, manual and automated Learn and improve Qualifications 1 4 years experience writing software: Experience with Javascript or C# Experience writing web applications Outstanding personal skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Working knowledge of OO programming Experience using git with medium or large teams Nice to have: TDD experience Knowledge of Domain Driven Development Experience with NoSql databases Experience with Docker Experience with AWS Experience with Jira Perks Stock options Medical, vision, dental coverage Commuter benefits Generous PTO Company events And more! Software Engineer (Core Technology) Coverage Area IT/Quantitative Analytics Location New York Institution Type Hedge Fund Position Software Engineer Our Hedge Fund client has an Engineering role, in their New York office. They are looking for a qualified Software Engineer/DevOps Engineer that will contribute to the development of applications to maintain the firm’s quantitative model production system. The employees of this firm are capable of researching, designing, coding and implementing projects while collectively working with portfolio managers and researchers. Candidates should be able to work in a fast paced environment to ensure that all systems are up to date and can keep up with the large scale growth of the firm. They are looking for someone that can design, deploy and assess innovative solutions while also pursuing the on going development of existing applications. This would require analyzing system performance and being proactive with research of new technologies to meet business requirements. They would want this person to have a degree in Quantitative or Technical studies such as computer science or engineering from a top tier university. They are looking for someone with 3+ years of experience as a software engineer developing scalable systems or solutions. Ideal candidates would have highly developed experience and understanding in a variety of programming languages such as Python, Java, Unix, and Linux. The partners at Seven Eight Capital have a long track record of successfully implementing quantitative trading strategies in the global equity markets and have delivered superior risk adjusted returns regardless of market conditions. Writing code at Seven Eight Capital is about working with a small team of top notch coders and quantitative traders. We’re a hedge fund that is built on technology, and as a coder, you won’t be working on opaque “business logic” as a second tier player. We’re a 100% quantitative/automated trading firm, and that means building the best technology we can. Coding is our life blood, and over 90% of our employees write code every day. Our Software Engineers help us leverage the latest and greatest technologies to build our trading and research systems. Do you want to scale up to thousands of cores to fit a new ML model? Do you like thinking how we can leverage the cloud for better DevOps? Do you want to become an expert in real time trading systems? These are the things we do. Seven Eight combines the culture of a small startup with a unique partnership with a large investor that gives us the financial resources to grow quickly. A people first culture allows you to learn new skills and apply them to your job on a daily basis and the top notch team around you will be there to help. Frequent work outings bring a relaxed culture where everybody knows what happening and collaboration is encouraged. The Skills: Working towards a Bachelors or Masters degree from a well regarded CS program Experience with AWS (EC2, Batch, EKS/ECS) and Kubernetes a plus Top notch problem solving skills Experience in Java/Python is great, but not required CS Data Structures/Algorithms and enthusiasm for programming Linux/Docker skills Description We are looking for a Full Stack Engineer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. Responsibilities will include translation of the UI/UX design wireframes to actual code that will produce visual elements of the application. As well as working alongside the rest of the team to implement APIs and services. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs. Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability. Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders. Ensure quality by performing thorough testing of your work and participating in peer reviews within your team. Key Qualifications BS in computer science or equivalent experience. 3 5+ years professional experience building responsive, user friendly web applications. Proficient understanding of base front end development technologies including HTML5/CSS3/JavaScript. In depth experience with React is required. Experience working on the backend side of applications Building reusable components and front end libraries for future use. Working experience writing unit, integration, and end to end tests. Proficient understanding of cross browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. Good communication and personal skills: ability to interact and work well with members of other functional groups in a project team and a strong sense of project ownership. Experience working with GraphQL, TypeScript or Flow is a plus. Experience writing Go or Python is a plus. Experience working in a data science context is a plus Description Headquartered in New York City, AiCure produces mobile and cloud based applications that leverage Computer Vision and Machine Learning to assist pharmaceutical & healthcare businesses to improve drug development and population health. When patients use our apps, information on their medication intake is recorded, which allows stakeholders to gain insights and to take actions (patient alerts, etc.). Our apps identify the patient (face verification), verify that patients are taking the right medication (pill recognition), and that they are actually taking their medication (action recognition). As a Full Stack engineer, you'll architect and build product features from the database all the way to the UI. You'll collaborate closely with colleagues in Design and Product. Working in a small, cross functional team, your work will have significant impact on healthcare for everyone on the planet! Experience in healthcare is NOT required. Key responsibilities Design, implement, launch, and maintain highly visible and scalable services and systems Analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of current system Build and improve production monitoring Write unit tests and documentation Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Stay abreast of best trends by researching new tools, as well as enhancing and further developing existing solutions A passion for performance, debugging and benchmarking Requirements Degree in CS, EE or a related field 3+ years of solid back end experiences Experience with Java and the Spring Framework Strong foundation in computer science, with strong understanding in data structures, algorithms, design patterns, and OOP Technically savvy and excellent at managing multiple requirements in a fast paced environment Experiences with Git, Linux, Web technologies, SQL and/or NoSQL database, and etc. Experiences with cloud services such as AWS Experiences developing microservices and APIs Know how to make the tradeoffs required to ship without compromising quality Excellent communication skills Benefits Philosophy Our selection process is highly competitive because we only hire the best, most enthusiastic candidates. Openness, flexibility, creativity, ownership, and accountability are our main pillars. We love solving challenging problems and creating solutions that have real impact on people at scale. Impact We're on a mission to revolutionize healthcare and when you join us, you'll have the opportunity of having real, tangible impact not only on individuals directly using our technology, but also on how drugs are tested and brought to market across the world. That means everyone on the planet will benefit from what you do. You'll be inspired every day because you'll be making a real difference and you'll see it happen. In real time and at scale. People You'll work with brilliant, positive people who thrive in an interdisciplinary, multi cultural environment, and are curious, creative, and focused on executing our mission. You'll be up to speed in the the most recent advances in Artificial Intelligence (Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Big Data) while solving challenging problems that must take into account many fascinating aspects of human psychology and behavior. You'll work with Scientists, Engineers, Designers, and Medical Doctors, to create innovative products that scale in an environment that encourages learning, collaboration, and growth. Compensation We offer great compensation packages that are not only highly competitive, but will allow you to benefit and grow as we expand and scale. Health Coverage Full (100%) coverage on medical, dental, and vision insurance plans with one of the biggest health insurance companies in the US. You'll have plenty of choices for all of your healthcare needs. 401K We offer 401K so you when you retire, you can benefit from all of the great things you do with us. Fantastic Location We're in one of the best and coolest neighborhoods in NYC: in the heart of the trendy Flatiron District, which is extremely well connected, and bustling with culture, food, shopping, cafes, and parks to inspire you. Office We have a fantastic open loft space with brand new, state of the art equipment including standing desks, snacks, kitchen, areas for mingling and having a break, and plenty of sunshine. Full views of the Empire State Building included. About Us: Caper builds smart shopping carts powered by deep learning and computer vision to enable a seamless grab and go retail experience. We differ from other emerging cashierless technologies like Amazon Go because we are the scalable solution. Caper’s autonomous checkout technology is plug and play, meaning it requires no in store renovation, no operational overhaul, no heavy computations or endless image labeling. Any retailer can buy the carts and their entire store is upgraded with cashierless capabilities. Caper costs less than 1% of Amazon Go's infrastructure. We are already live in stores and our customers love us! Caper is the fastest growing company in retail automation technology and is backed by Lux Capital, First Round Capital, Y Combinator along with top executives from Google, Walmart, Instacart, Plated, and Albertsons with over $13M in funding to date. While e commerce accounts for 8% of total retail spending, Caper is innovating the other 92% of the untapped offline retail potential. As a part of the Caper team, you’ll be a part of a culture that cares about its people and the future we’re shaping together. At Caper, we may all come from different backgrounds, but we all share one common vision to fundamentally disrupt the retail industry. We are looking for engineers to join our talented technical team. Come join our team if... You MUST have: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience 2+ years of work experience as a software engineer Software development experience in Java and/or another general purpose programming language Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix / Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software developement Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English You may have: Developed, supported and maintained Android applications in Java or Kotlin, either professionally or for a personal project Ability to write clean, modularized code. Understand common Android architecture like MVVM, MVP, etc Knowledge with writing SDKs / APIs wtih Java and Ruby Experience iwth large data projects involving data modeling, data aggregation and data validation Worked with IoT devices or other hardware Used Container technologies like Docker, Kubernetes You are ready to: Integrate with clients' IT system to make sure launching is smooth Build enterprise facing solutions for partners Build internal SDKs / APIs during integration Talk and listen to clients and partners to undertand requirements and needs Conquer the World! Benefits: Competitive salary with equity Attractive Health Benefits Unlimited snacks Unlimited PTO Jasper is an exciting new startup based in NYC that's helping people afford their dental and other healthcare treatments. We're creating a modern dental and veterinarian directory that's combined with patient financing and payment collectionHey, are you ready to get real startup experience? Does working with a team of diverse, exciting, passionate, humble and dope people sound like your cup of tea or coffee? Does building something that will healthcare and make it more affordable for people excite you? Are you looking to gain real world experience and put your software development skills to the test? Well then you may be perfect for Jasper!You will be one of the early Full Stack engineers at Jasper, and as such, you will have broad ownership of building the platform that people will use to start and grow their careersRoles and responsibilities: Comfortable working at or desire to learn all levels of the stack from AWS+Nodejs+SQL to React+HTML+CSS+PHPWork as a team to build our webapp and mobile app MVP based on data, research, as well as your own insight and creativityDesign and architect complex systems, focusing on performance and scalability, as well as on crafting a beautiful user experienceCreate reusable and maintainable systems and abstractionsTake full ownership and responsibility for building, shipping, and maintaining the product, end to endJob Type: InternshipPay: $000 per hour / college course creditJob Type: InternshipPay: $000 per hourWork Location:Fully Remote Messari is a fast growth startup in New York that is building the next generation data layer for the global cryptoasset community. We believe data is knowledge, and with knowledge, you can invest with confidence. But getting information you can trust in the crypto world is hard. Our mission is to drive factual crowd sourced information and data transparency across every corner of the emerging token ecosystem by building an open data library for blockchain projects and cryptoassets. We are applying ideas of open data and crowdsourcing to financial services, giving investors the tools they need to separate the wheat from the chaff, and helping enable smarter regulation along the way. Are you passionate about crypto finance? Do you daydream in the overlap between open source coding and Freakanomics? Do you want to help change the world and build the core data infrastructure for the next 100 years? Then we want to talk to you. We’re looking for a dedicated, methodical, and versatile backend engineer with the experience and passion to solve tough problems with scalable high performance code. We need someone who can quickly adapt to shifting approaches, situations, and priorities. You will work in a team with fellow engineers to create highly scalable, distributed web services that serves millions of requests a day. About the job Build and deploy our core data platform, and infrastructure services working in a combination of Java, Go, and NodeJS. Design and implement a fleet of microservices backed by Kubernetes supporting a dynamically scalable architecture. Integrate real time data feeds from exchanges, compute real time metrics, and deliver to strict SLA requirements with a robust API, under the hood working closely with Postgres, BigQuery, and other data stores. Experience working with crypto exchange APIs is a plus. About you You write killer well structured Java, Go and Nodejs code. You have experience architecting and developing large scale distributed systems. Experience in concurrency, multithreading and synchronization is a plus. You are a passionate Mission First, Team Always person with a strong drive to do important and valuable work. You ship. You take ownership, you move with a sense of purpose, and you deliver results. You measure twice and cut once. You think carefully about a problem, plan how to execute it, and then make it happen. You know how to take a break, and are passionate about life both inside and outside the office. The D. E. Shaw group seeks a software engineer interested in systems infrastructure to join its Infrastructure Engineering team. This is a hands on software development role within a cross platform engineering team responsible for core technology infrastructure. Basic understanding of the language, framework and testing capabilities of existing platform; Helps to translate business requirements into sound, creative designs that effectively weigh business and technical tradeoffs. Works at task level development. Key Responsibilities Works with a cross functional team, uses agile practices, writes, debugs, and delivers code to more senior staff for reviewEnsures on time delivery of owned features from design and implementation through to production troubleshootingLooks for and presents to senior staff, recommended fixes for problems in codeProduces solid, thoroughly tested features with assistance from more advanced developersAble to produce code based on defined requirements and implement feedback provided on workBroad understanding of core programming and computer science conceptsBuilding reusable code for future use In this role, you will obtain: Ability to think from an end user perspectiveAbility to partner with various cross functional teams for direction and consistencyGood problem solving skillsExcellent organizational and communication skillsTeam player and great listenerFluency in the software development lifecycle Required Qualifications 3+ months of internship experience in a related role Preferred Qualifications Rally, Teams, Confluence and other cooperation toolsWeb development tools and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, REACT, Angular, and Java is a plusServer side CSS is a plusREST API is a plusPractical experience of testing tools like Webpack and Lighthouse is a plusCode versioning tools, such as Github is a plus Education You should currently be pursuing a Bachelors degreeHave an anticipated graduation date between May 2020 and August 2021Have a 30 + cumulative GPA Business Overview At CVS Health, we are joined in a common purpose: helping people on their path to better health. We are working to transform health care through innovations that make quality care more accessible, easier to use, less expensive and patient focused. Working together and organizing around the individual, we are pioneering a new approach to total health that puts people at the heart. We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day. CVS Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring or promotion based on race, ethnicity, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability or protected veteran status or on any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable federal, state, or local law. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities. At Hopper, we’re on a mission to make booking travel faster, easier, and more transparent. We are leveraging the power that comes from combining massive amounts of data and machine learning to build the world’s fastest growing travel app one that enables our customers to save money and travel more. With over $235M CAD in funding from leading investors in both Canada and the US, Hopper is primed to continue its path toward becoming the go to way to book travel as the world continues its shift to mobile. Recognized as the fastest growing travel app by Forbes and one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company two years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 40 million times and has helped travelers plan over 100 million trips and counting. The app has received high praise in the form of mobile accolades such as the Webby Award for Best Travel App of 2019, the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016 and Apple’s App Store Best of 2015. Take off with us! THE ROLE A stellar opportunity to have massive impact: join the world class engineering team at the company that’s redefining how people travel. As Software Engineer, you will be directly responsible for designing, implementing, and deploying the complex backend systems that power Hopper’s award winning user experience. IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL: Build robust and performant infrastructure that supports millions of dollars of revenue Ship your first code in days, iterating on features in an agile manner Contribute to the development and delivery of Hopper’s B2B web framework Collaborate with a diverse group of people, giving and receiving feedback for growth Execute on big opportunities, helping Hopper rise to the top of the travel industry A PERFECT CANDIDATE HAS: Thrived in backend engineering positions and delivered user experience at scale The ability to bring leading industry techniques and technologies to the table A strong understanding of distributed systems and how architectural decisions affect performance and maintainability Excelled in cross functional teams, working fluidly with Product Managers, Data Scientists, Mobile Engineers, and other highly skilled specialists A passionate focus on quality, writing testable code that performs and scales BENEFITS Well funded and proven startup with large ambitions, competitive salary and stock options Dynamic and entrepreneurial team where pushing limits is everyday business 100% employer paid medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance plans Access to a 401k (US) or Retirement Savings Plan (Canada) Job description Description About this role Are you interested in building innovative technology that shapes the financial markets? Do you like working at the speed of a startup, but want to solve some of the world’s most complex problems? Do you want to work with, and learn from, hands on leaders in technology and finance? At BlackRock, we are looking for Software Engineers who like to innovate and solve complex problems. We recognize that strength comes from diversity, and will embrace your unique skills, curiosity, drive, and passion while giving you the opportunity to grow technically and as an individual. With over USD $7 trillion of assets we have an exceptional responsibility: our technology empowers millions of investors to save for retirement, pay for college, buy a home and improve their financial wellbeing. Being a developer at BlackRock means you get the best of both worlds: working for one of the most advanced financial companies and also being part of a software development team responsible for next generation technology and solutions. You are: Curious and eager to learn new things, with a healthy disrespect for the status quo Willing to embrace work outside of your comfort zone, and open to guidance from others; you make mistakes, but learn from them Passionate about technology, with personal ownership for the work you do Data focused, with an eye for the details that matter to solve the problem We are: Passionate about building quality software and scaling technology to meet the needs of tomorrow Building solutions for BlackRock and over 100 organizations who use our technology Developing in Java, Python, Cassandra, Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes, and many others Committed to open source, and contributing back to the community Writing testable software every day, with a focus on incremental innovation You have: 2 6 years software engineering work experience on large scale software development and deployment experience BA/BS in Computer Science from an accredited university (in lieu of degree, 4+ years of relevant work experience) Strong programming skills in Java Experience in modern web application development Knowledge of Angular, Spring, SQL, Javascript, HTML5 and CSS3 Agile development skills Ability and interest to learn other coding languages as needed Want to learn more? For 30 years, to drive innovation, BlackRock has bought great minds together. From the very beginning technology was leveraged for insight and efficiency to help our businesses better understand their client’s objectives. BlackRock is accelerating innovation and technology to invest even more in our Aladdin platform and looking for people with a passion for technology and a love of solving complex problems to join our teams. Our benefits To help you stay energized, engaged and inspired, we offer a wide range of benefits including a strong retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive healthcare, support for working parents and Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about. About BlackRock BlackRock’s purpose is to help more and more people experience financial well being. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of June 30, 2020, the firm managed approximately $732 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit wwwblackrock.com/corporate | Twitter: @blackrock | Blog: wwwblackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: wwwlinkedin.com/company/blackrock BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law. Job requisition # R190296 The position We are looking for a Full Stack Developer Intern who is eager to gain experience and willing to learn engineering best practices and contribute production level code during your internship. Blanks Financial Solutions is seeking a Full Stack Engineering intern who is passionate about building mobile and desktop web applications. Roles and responsibilities: Work with Product Designers to implement the next generation of Blanks Financial Solutions applications Build efficient and reusable front end systems Identify and address performance bottlenecks Participate in design and code reviews Help identify ways to improve and diagnose front end bugs Work closely with other engineers on a small development team launching features Use fit algorithms to find and implement cost effective solution Learn how to write small features and deploy them often (continuous delivery) Write unit tests and assist in finding and squashing bugs Performs various other duties as needed Hours per week: 15 20 hours per week Requirements High School Diploma, Bachelor's or Master's Degree Program with a focus on programming A creative problem solver and attend to detail Ability to write high performance, reusable Javascript , and C# code Experience with React Experience developing rich applications with HTML/CSS/JS Skilled in language such as JAVA, Javascript , C++ etal Passion for optimizing performance Build customizable CRM Benefits Compensation: This internship is a part time (20 25 hours/week) position with Flexible pay. Times will have dependency on the chosen individual's schedule. We will provide any documentation for the student to receive school credit. Upon completion of assignment, a full time role with the company including bonuses and benefits. Software Engineer MCode Solutions, LLC. Description We are looking for Web Applications Developers who possess a passion for pushing desktop and mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers and producers to design and build the next generation of our web based applications. Candidate will build browser based applications and enhance the existing apps. Key responsibilities Design and build advanced browser based responsive applications. Design and implement user facing features in browser based desktop and mobile applications. Collaborate with cross functional teams to define, design, and ship new features and enhancements. Unit test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Minimum Qualifications Experience in Object Oriented Programming. Experience developing browser based applications for both desktop and mobile. Experience and/or interest in Test Driven Development (TDD) and agile methodologies. Strong communication skills for success in a pair programming environment. ENGLISH IS A PLUS! INTERMEDIATE IS ACCEPTABLE; HOWEVER, CANDIDATES MUST BE WILLING TO LEARN AND EXCEL AS NEEDED. Desktop and mobile app deployment experience a plus. Experience with multiple mobile platforms a plus (phone, tablet, watch) Proficient with Javascript, CSS, SASS, HTML5, PHP, Perl, GIT, Python, Java. Experience with relational databases such as Oracle and MySQL. Experience with Web content Manager frameworks such Drupal, Bootstrap, Wordpress, etc. Experience with Frameworks such as Laravel, REACT JS. Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect web applications to back end services and to hardware such as raspberry PI, FPGA, or other proprietary devices. Technical Skills SKILL NUMBER PRIMARY SKILL PROFICIENCY LEVEL REQUIRED/DESIRED 1 HTML5 ADVANCED REQUIRED 2 PHP ADVANCED REQUIRED 3 Javascript ADVANCED REQUIRED 4 PERL ADVANCED DESIRED 5 GIT INTERMEDIATE DESIRED 6 SASS ADVANCED REQUIRED 7 CSS ADVANCED REQUIRED 8 CMS ADVANCED REQUIRED 9 REACT JS ADVANCED REQUIRED 10 Laravel ADVANCED REQUIRED 11 Python INTERMEDIATE DESIRED 12 Java INTERMEDIATE DESIRED Primary Location New York (US) and Ecuador Schedule Hourly Full Time. iCode365 SUPPORTS GENDER EQUALITY: With the hopes to accelerate gender inclusion, our company fully supports and encourages programs and strategies to increase the role of women in leadership positions. Gender parity and inclusion is everyone's responsibility! Company Description The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture represented by the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our groundbreaking continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. Job Description The Checkout team is responsible for a pivotal part of the business, that crucial moment as customers decide to trust the business and make a purchase. We help enable millions of dollars a day in transactions across countries, languages and currencies. We code primarily in PHP and Javascript and work on cross functional teams along with Product, Design and Analytics. You'll need to think hard about user experience, database transactions, performance, stability, metrics, and what it takes to move fast and iterate in a world full of sensitive user data. It's an exciting and fun environment with the opportunity to effect substantial growth on an Etsy sized scale. This role is based in Brooklyn, NY, or remote. Qualifications You're a senior engineer who can turn ideas into extremely fast and reliable code that other people or you, six months into the future will find easy to comprehend and modify. You believe in Etsy's vision of a people led economy, and are passionate about building the products that enable that economy. You will be successful in this role if you: Are an experienced engineer focused on around 70% back end and 30% front end coding in PHP & JavaScript or similar codebases Care as much about building great products as you do writing phenomenal code. Have a knack for organization and breaking down large problems into smaller ones. Can be autonomous and self disciplined. Strong database experience, especially around scaling applications. You can spin yarns about how you've done this right and wrong at your previous jobs. And we'll give bonus points if you can actually spin yarn. Understanding of the various aspects involved in running a large scale website. Help others around you grow as developers and be successful. Enjoy learning about and interacting with the people who use your product. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. Our DevOps team is fully remote/distributed. International applicants most welcome. ABOUT MD ALLY MD Ally enables EMS provider collaboration, at scale, to optimize community based medical services and establish new patient provider relationships that improve access to routine care and long term outcomes. Our proprietary, EMS integrated platform connects providers and EMS patients with non life threatening medical concerns in real time at the touch of a button. Quality patient care is delivered through on demand triage assessments, telemedicine as an alternate destination, follow up appointment scheduling, and transportation coordination; all accessible 24/7/365. MD Ally will improve healthcare access for all citizens, regardless of their income level and improve first responders’ ability to save lives. We support new, innovative care models that will change the way healthcare is delivered in the US. ABOUT THIS ROLE We are building a team of entrepreneurial and experienced Full Stack Developers with a demonstrated passion for DevOps culture. At MD Ally, you'll get to leverage your knowledge of hardware, software, processes and procedures to devise custom solutions and systems. As a young startup poised for rapid growth, we don't have time for siloed teams or roles... it's all hands on deck, wearing whatever hat the day's task requires! RESPONSIBILITIES Implementing new, game changing software features for MD Ally Creating and maintaining robust testing and CI/CD capabilities Monitoring the functionality and security of all cloud based assets Providing ongoing maintenance, support, and enhancements for existing systems Collaborating cross functionally with business users and other engineers Providing recommendations for continuous improvement REQUIREMENTS Advanced skills with both front and back end languages, frameworks, and libraries in particular: Ruby/Rails Javascript (React/Stimulus) PostgreSQL AWS 3+ years of experience developing web applications, with involvement across the full stack from data storage to the front end 3+ years of experience deploying, monitoring, and supporting solutions within the AWS Cloud Environment 3+ years of experience developing APIs or web services, building for low latency and security best practices Comfortable with Agile methodologies for delivering iterative solutions Comfortable with DevOps practices for monitoring and supporting SaaS solutions Comfortable with modern practices including trunk based and test driven development, and software test automation About Us: SmartAsset is an award winning financial technology company pursuing the singular mission of empowering people to make smart financial decisions. Recently named one of Y Combinator's Top 100 companies of all time, we have raised more than $50 million in venture capital. Our personal finance tools, calculators and content reach more than 45 million people each month. We've been featured in hundreds of publications including The Wall Street Journal, CNN, Mashable, TechCrunch, The New York Times, The Washington Post, US News & World Report, TIME, Reuters, Businessweek, Barron's and many more. About You: As part of our growth strategy, we are looking to hire a Backend Software Developer with at least 8 years of full time professional development experience, to join our NYC based team. You will be working on implementing entirely new features and functionality from scratch, as well as enhancing, maintaining and bug fixing our existing code base. You will also have the ability to work on various components of our apps, including our in depth user analytics, back end/number crunching/data processing core or the presentation layer. You will be leading and coordinating the work of a small technology team and working with our product organization to determine goals and requirements. Responsibilities: 8+ years full time professional experience as a software developer Lead team of 3 5 engineers focused on a particular product or specific project initiatives. Excellent knowledge of at least 2+ programming languages (eg. Java, PHP, Perl, C#, C++, Objective C, Ruby, Python, etc) Excellent knowledge of common programming patterns Good understanding of relational databases (SQL) and some understanding of non relational datastores Knowledge of HTML, CSS and Javascript Working knowledge of *nix systems, networking and internet protocols Good social and cooperation skills Excellent communication skills Perks: Catered lunch three times per week Casual dress code Weekly happy hours Regular team social activities such as a company book club, sports leagues, community service opportunities and more Benefits package including medical, dental and 401(k) Professional education reimbursement program MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: The Merchant Banking Division (MBD) invests in corporate equity and debt, real estate equity and debt, and infrastructure related assets and companies. The division operates on a global platform with some of the most cutting edge technology the firm has to offer. We work in a fast paced, exciting environment with individuals with versatile skills and a passion for technology and investing. The Merchant Banking Engineering team collaborates with investing and finance professionals to build tools and analytics supporting all aspects of the Merchant Bank’s investing and lending activities. Your Impact Create high tech systems and analytics, developing innovative software applications to help structure, value, hedge, risk manage the investments and portfolios, and assist processes and reporting RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: Who We Look For We are interested in individuals who have strong analytical and coding skills and a passion to use technology to revolutionize finance. Although the work performed by this team is financial in nature, applicants need not have specific financial knowledge or experience to apply. Fantastic Technologists come first Members of our team are some of the brightest employees in and outside of the firm, consisting of Mathematicians, Statisticians, Physicists, Computer Scientists, and more Responsibilities Develop models and systems for trade booking and risk management Create search tools, tools for workflow management, data collection, analysis, and visualization Produce portfolio management and risk monitoring tools for our investments Develop integrations with external parties and cloud based solution providers Generate tools that work on desktop and mobile devices Work closely with Private Equity, Credit, and Real Estate businesses sitting alongside bankers on the same floor SDLC – allowing for multiple releases during the data, faster product development Have the opportunity to deal with a diverse set of problems – Process automation, Data & document search, Mobile development, Tradable development, Transaction processing, Deal Sourcing using CRM, Data & business intelligence Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Physics, or other related field Meaningful experience with coding and software system design Extensive written and verbal communication skills Programming language agnostic (Java, C++, Python, C#, Angularjs, etc.) Preferred Qualifications Technology: Experience building web based applications or large scale distributed systems, implementing fundamental algorithms, working in different programming languages and databases Tech Full stack development including, but not limited to: Lucene, Elastic Search, React, Qlikview, micro service based architecture, Sybase IQ, Mongo, SQL server, Camunda, etc. Finance: Understanding of market dynamics and conventions, and of different products’ behaviors and specifications. Although the work performed by our team is financial in nature, applicants need not have specific financial knowledge or experience to apply Why Merchant Banking Division Learn from the foremost experts in finance, technology, and mathematics who are diverse in their academic, ethnic, and social backgrounds Experience working at the crossroads of vibrant global capital and risk markets Develop solutions for a global business with real time feedback on the quality of the software product Experience an environment that is committed to learning & open to new ideas – allowing for creative ways to solve new problems Learn new businesses, especially of certain portfolio companies that have a need to integrate with GS systems Be part of a fun loving, collaborative work culture Accept unparalleled responsibility and career opportunity to make a highly visible global impact Collaborate with some of the brightest technologists, to challenge the status quo and push the envelope in technology and finance ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity We are a for profit company committed to eliminating digital illiteracy. We are a team of passionate people that is as diverse as the city in which we operate. We work smart and hard, and take pride in our ability to creatively solve problems; together. We believe we can do well financially while providing a social goodWe are looking to hire like minded, inspired individuals to help us change the world one used computer at a time. We have "can do" attitudes and are searching for smart, creative problem solvers to complement our teamWe are hoping to add a programmer to our team to help us improve our current IT testing software. An ideal candidate must be able toAnalyze different kinds of IT hardware such as servers, desktops, laptops etc, and detect their respective internal componentsDevelop programs that help automate and streamline the process of detecting and testing hardware components. His/Her work should complement our receiving team in identifying IT hardware parts and serial numbers to help populate our database in order to maintain an accurate view of our inventoryCandidate should have expert knowledge ofPythonMySQLLinuxBashAttach your resume in one (1) of the following formats: .pdf or .docJob Type: Full timePay: From $2000 per hourBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftWork Remotely:No Job SummarySystemoneX is An IT Service Company, which has clients across the USA . The company with relevant services and trustworthy efforts. An E Verified company with an object of advancement and innovation in the IT industry. Systemonex Inc maintains the standard as suitable scientific techniques and surveys. Our vision is to provide a transformed internet technology for the advance and creative efforts with smart working. We are continuously striving for preparing the base for modern innovative technology. The company has outstanding resources and assistance to provide the best services to its clients. Our existence support many business and companies to grow their market. Our customers have gained the best solution and techniques for development through our updated consulting adviceResponsibilities and DutiesResponsibilities**Regular activities involve independent tasks on BI/Infra and DevOps, also coordinate with the off shore team to share and receive the activities/task updatesRobust design to implement ETL pipeline with hands on coding skills in Python, Py spark in AWS cloud to handle change data captureWork with multiple third party vendors/customer teams like source team, Infra team, Security team, IT teams, and off shore team, etc.,Customer facing role with expertise in all AWS/Cloud infrastructure activities as listed below:Analyze various third party tools like Masking tools: DataGuise/DataVant, AWS Tools and scheduling toolsImplement POCs as per customer requirementOnce POC is accepted and responsible for the installation of tools in AWS cloud platformIndividual capability to setup application installation in EC2 instances, EMR clustersResponsible for environments (Dev/TEST/Prod) setup which includes IAM/policies, Network enabling, etc.,Interact with Source teams whenever needed and accordingly plan the downstream activitiesResponsible for Sprint planning and Identifying the priorities by discussing with the customer and other teams like Source/Infra and SecurityExpertise to review coding/design and data validations developed by the off shore team and other stakeholders, including 3rd party tool/service vendorsImplement solutions/task as per customer requirement then and there and guide the off shore teamMandatory experience in handling CI/CD pipelines and expertise in Dev Ops for stack/infra deployments to CloudHandling deployments to the higher environment by using CI/CD pipelinesRequirements Familiarity with two of the following Python libraries: Sci kit, Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, and PyTorchExperience with AWS based applicationsWorking knowledge of data visualization techniquesSQL proficientKnowledge and adaptation of software configuration, change, release and service management processesExperience in working with cross functional application and business teamsAbility to perform root cause analysis, problem management, and performance tuningRequired Experience and QualificationsBachelor's DegreeJob Types: Full time, Temporary, Internship, Contract, CommissionPay: $3500 $4500 per hourExperience:Python: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Preferred)Required travel:100% (Preferred)Full Time Opportunity:YesCommission Only:NoWork Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceOtherEmployment Length:VariesThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative innovative and risk takingAggressive competitive and growth orientedPeople oriented supportive and fairness focusedTeam oriented cooperative and collaborativeOutcome oriented results focused with strong performance cultureThis Job Is:Open to applicants under 18 years old, provided it is legally allowed for the job and locationA good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or moreA job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applyOpen to applicants who do not have a college diplomaSchedule:Monday to FridayOther Overview: The ideal candidate for this role should have a very good understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, debugging and be able to independently use these in your projects. You should have a solid working, practical understanding of technologies such as Object Oriented Programming, Backbonejs/Reactjs/Vuejs, Marionette, Nodejs, Foundation/BootStrap, SASS/LESS, Webpack/Grunt, NPM, Handlebars, Ajax, JSON, Unit Testing. Perform other duties as assigned. Essential Functions: Create Web application front end as per design comps. Build modular and reusable components. Adapt to established coding standards and group procedures and get guidance as necessary from Senior UI Developers/Tech Leads. Plan and estimate their project in an accurate time format (hours, days, weeks), owning the entire project and becoming a subject matter expert (SME) and sharing that knowledge with others. Properly document their code through comments and documentation/diagrams. Improve code quality as they receive and learn from continuous feedback in their tech reviews and begin to give their own tech reviews to other developers. Deliver projects with quality and in a time efficient matter. They should progressively deliver their features faster. Collaborate with our partners (PdM, Creative, UX, QE, Backend, Senior UI Developers). Conduct testing on multiple devices and browsers before committing their code, creating unit test cases with ample coverage. Understand entire SDLC (software development life cycle) process. Ensure design consistency with our coded style guide (CSG). Familiarity with our process tools (JIRA, Confluence). Understand and implement good practices for SEO, Site Performance, Accessibility and Cross Browser compatibility. Influence architecture stack and standards through increased collaboration with other developers. Demonstrate leadership through Tech Talks, presentations. Experience with mobile first approach and responsive design. Good understanding of backend technologies such as Java and Node. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. Qualifications: Education/Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering OR relevant experience. 3+ years’ experience in UI development. Experience with Foundation/Bootstrap, Backbonejs/Reactjs/Vuejs. Deep understanding of JavaScript concepts. Experience in designing and implementing responsive layouts. Working knowledge of Nodejs. Experience with Java a plus. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Mathematical Skills: Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and analytical skills. Reasoning Ability: Able to work independently and collaborate well various teams. Strong attention to detail. Ability to handle multiple projects effectively. Strong interpersonal, presentation, and persuasion skills. Physical Demands: This position involves regular walking, standing, sitting for extended periods of time, hearing, and talking. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching. May involve close vision, color vision, depth perception, focus adjustment, and viewing computer monitor for extended periods of time. Involves manual dexterity for using keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment. May involve moving or lifting items under 10 pounds. Work Hours: Ability to work a flexible schedule based on department and company needs. This job overview is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy’s, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. Macy’s is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Macy’s, Inc. – including Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s – will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC chXVIII Art. 9. Women Who Create is a womxn run mentorship program and event platform for women of color in the creative industry. We match women in college and early in their career with seasoned professionals in the field and hold events to help woc rise and achieve their goals. In just two years we’ve matched over 700 women of color through word of mouth communication. *We are a fully run volunteer team and we’re looking to put together a volunteer team to build an industry first mentorship matchmaking application. We are looking for a frontend and backend developer to join our team. wwwwomenwhocreate.org**This is for you if:You want first hand experience developing an app from the ground upYou want to be on a team that empowers you to use your voice and lead with your creative ideas and expertiseYou are passionate about mentorship and diversifying the creative industryYou have the extra space/time to work on a side project**Frontend Dev:Development and delivery of our design system and drive implementation of our brand into new productsOwn the design system’s development roadmap for the enterprise working closely with our Senior project managers to identify and prioritize features and requirementsBuild and maintain documentation and training to enable designers and developers to effectively use the design systemProvide thought technical thought leadership and contribute to next iterations of the design system based on evolving enterprise needs and trends in technology.*Job Types: Part time, InternshipPay: $100 per yearBenefits:Flexible scheduleProfessional development assistanceCOVID 19 considerations:FULLY REMOTEExperience:JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteHours per week:Less than 10Typical start time:10AMTypical end time:10PMVisa Sponsorship Potentially Available:No: Not providing sponsorship for this jobThis Job Is:Open to applicants under 18 years old, provided it is legally allowed for the job and locationOpen to applicants who do not have a high school diploma/GEDA good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or moreA good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and educationA job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applyOpen to applicants who do not have a college diplomaA job for which people with disabilities are encouraged to applyCompany's website:https://wwwwomenwhocreate.org/ Apart from excellent problem solving skills and strong technical background, you will be required to understand the challenges that come with working remotely. We will treat you like the professional you are and expect you to understand the needs of your stakeholders and communicate appropriately. Must haves: Excellent communication skills Above average problem solving capabilities The willingness to take responsibility and drive architectural decisions Proven experience with at least one object oriented language Understanding of testable, clean, maintainable code Nice to haves: Be familiar with Swift and iOS Be familiar with Java/Kotlin and Android Some experience with JavaScript, or at the very least be keen on learning Understand common API design and issues Understand end to end testing on mobile applications What is in for you? Apart from the chance to make the internet a better place and the opportunity to work with one of the greatest engineers of all time (he wrote this job description!), we offer fair compensation (salary+bonus), equity, virtual happy hours (at least until COVID 19 passes), a collaborative environment, and more! About Sourcepoint Sourcepoint supports a sustainable media ecosystem through a fair value exchange between consumers and publishers. We provide tools for the advertising ecosystem to protect consumer privacy, manage compliance and optimize revenue in a rapidly changing landscape. Founded by technology veterans and backed by Northzone, Spark Capital, Foundry Group, Accel, and Greycroft, the company works with a wide range of global media companies and was recently awarded the ‘Best use of technology’ at the Digiday Publishing Award and shortlisted as ‘Best Media Technology Partner’ at the AOP Digital Publishing Awards and ‘Best use of technology’ at the Digiday Publishing Awards for its work with Dennis. Learn more at wwwsourcepoint.com. Program Overview: The selected candidate(s) will work on web applications and web services. We are seeking candidates that have a strong foundation in programming, with a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related study/field, excellent oral and written communication skills. Candidate Profile: Military Veteran OR recent college graduate with a Bachelor's degree in any of the following concentrations: Information Systems Computer Science Related STEM discipline Tech Savvy Availability to work full time Immediate start date Able to pass an extensive background (if selected) Essential Duties: Participate in the full project life cycle including gathering requirements, system design, implementation, testing, deployment, and support of applications Follow standard methodologies and Agile practices to produce high quality applications in an efficient manner Other duties and/or projects as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science Solid understanding of Object Oriented Design and Programming. Solid understanding of web application development processes, from the layout/user interface to relational database structures. Understanding the full life cycle of a software product. Knowledge of SAP preferred. Ability to work within an Agile team environment. Legally authorized to work in the US (no sponsorship now or in the future). A problem solver with a keen eye for detail. Able to engage yourself in a project and enjoy the challenges and processes involved. Eager, ambitious, and adaptable to change. General Skills: Excellent written and verbal English communication skills. Organizational and problem solving skills. Ability to manage multiple priorities concurrently. Willingness to learning new technologies and models. Team player. Self starter with the ability to independently resolve issues and deliver results. A strong aptitude in IT and the interest and drive to expand your IT skill set. Location: New York Metro Area Compensation: Full Time Compensation: $2000/Hour (Plus Benefits) About WOS Founded in 2005, Workforce Opportunity Services (WOS) is a nonprofit dedicated to recruiting, training and placing underserved and veteran job seekers into long lasting careers at prominent organizations. To date, WOS has served 5,300+ individuals through partnerships with more than 65 corporations in 60+ locations worldwide. For more information, visit wforceorg Temboo is home to environmentalists, technologists, designers, and everyone in between. We believe in empowering all people to use emerging technology to make their own world a better place. Our no code platform for environmental engagement helps communities advocate for policy changes, nonprofits assess environmental conditions, cities maintain green infrastructure, and citizens become more involved. We’re building software that helps people measure, share, and grow their sustainability efforts—and we want you to help! Here’s some things we’re excited about: Our customers are building a wide range of environmental monitoring applications, from tracking soil moisture in city tree beds to assessing pH levels in octopus farms! As reported by the New York Times, our platform helps people combine science, sensors, and community organizing to make where they live, work, and play greener. Regardless of background or experience, we provide all the tools needed to measure, engage, inform, and advocate to build more engaged communities, neighborhoods, and environments. We partner with groups like the Waterfront Alliance, The Grid, and SWIM to lend our support for smarter, more resilient waterfronts and urban communities. Our software comes pre shipped in hardware development platforms for millions of devices from companies like Texas Instruments, Samsung, and Arduino. Our software integrates with over 100 internal and external APIs and cloud services, and we work closely with API providers such as Amazon and Microsoft to make their APIs more accessible. Temboo has been adopted as a teaching tool by over 150 universities worldwide, in courses ranging from traditional CS and engineering, to digital art and urban data mining. As a frontend engineer at Temboo, you’ll work closely with our product team to design, implement, test, deploy and maintain new browser based features. Your specific technical skill set is less important to us than your all around intelligence, problem solving ability, and eagerness for new challenges (that said, we expect you'll have significant experience with Javascript, CSS, HTML, and more). The nature of what we do means that we're continually exploring how emerging technologies can enhance how we build our product. What You'll Be Doing Building rich web apps that help our customers bring their physical and digital worlds closer together Collaborating on a broad range of software engineering challenges, from working with real time sensor data streams to JavaScript performance optimization Writing maintainable code that your fellow engineers will thank you for Learning about new technologies to improve your problem solving abilities and push the Temboo platform forward What We're Looking For In You Proven frontend experience building web applications Strong computer science fundamentals and experience with object oriented architecture and test driven development A willingness to learn and use new technologies, strategies, tools, and components Why You Should Apply You'll work on exciting challenges like developing rich web applications that help people connect physical objects and spaces to the internet, and visualizing large sensor data sets You’ll be writing software that people use to make a positive impact on the world You’ll get wide ranging exposure to different aspects of the technology and business worlds since Temboo touches hardware & software, multiple layers of the technology stack, and a variety of industries You’ll be part of a committed, smart, respectful, and fun team We offer competitive compensation, a casual office environment, and respect for autonomy Our users are our customers, and they control their own data. We're not selling ads or user data. 2019 08 01 104 Franklin St. New York, NY 10013 Full time Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. We’re looking for Staff Software Engineers to balance the role of an individual contributor while also anchoring new projects, leading technical direction and mentoring other engineers on the team. We highly value individuals with intellectual curiosity and openness. We collaborate across the organization, helping our engineers think big and take risks while building a culture of diversity, positive energy and blameless truth seeking. Our engineering team leverages a diverse tech stack and our focus is finding smart engineers who’ve worked on complex projects and we have all the trust you’d be able to pick up whatever tech necessary in the stack. We have openings across a variety of backend teams. Here are a few examples: Exchange: The Exchange team builds and operates the core systems that process and match orders across all of Coinbase (Consumer & Pro). These systems are almost always on the hot path for users so we are constantly working to improve our systems to reduce latency and jitter while maximizing throughput. Backend Platform: The Backend Platform team is focused on building robust architectural foundations, toolsets and a culture for all of Coinbase engineering to build high quality, secure & reliable products. Users: The Users team builds and operates user services such as identity verification, authentication and authorization. You’ll be working with OAuth that powers our mobile clients and third party developers, monrails that power 2FA authentication logic & our institution identity management service. Institutional: The Institutional team builds and operates state of the art execution and storage systems that allow our customer to trade and store millions of dollars of cryptocurrency on any given day. Crypto: The Crypto team builds and maintains the shared infrastructure to make Blockchains and Crypto assets available for products. You’ll work on engineering problems in cryptography, security, blockchain technology and distributed systems, with a focus on enabling Crypto investing and growing the Cryptoeconomy. What you’ll be doing: Architect and develop distributed systems Provide technical structure to teams and work closely with management and stakeholders to define strategic roadmaps Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise Mentor and train other team members on design techniques and coding standards Design and implement foundational infrastructure components used by every engineering team in production (eg. dynamic configuration, secrets storage, container orchestration, etc) Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers What we look for in you: 8+ years of experience in software engineering You’ve experienced architecting and developing solutions to ambiguous problems with significant impact You’re passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together Nice to haves: You have gone through a rapid growth in your company (from 10 to 100s of engineers) You have experience with Blockchains (such as Bitcoin, Ethereum etc.) You have experience decomposing a large monolith into microservices You’ve worked with Golang, Ruby, Docker, Sinatra, Rails, Postgres You’ve built financial, high reliability or security systems Benefits at Coinbase Health, Dental, and Vision insurance covered at 100% for employees and 80% for dependents HSA plan with company seed Disability and Life Insurance 401(k) plan with company match $260 monthly Commuter Benefit Monthly Gym Benefit Volunteer Time Off Fertility Counseling and Benefits Learning and Development stipend 18 weeks paid Parental Leave Meals and Snacks provided onsite The option of getting paid in digital currency 7 year post termination option exercise window (for employees who stay 2 years or more) vs. the industry standard 90 days WHO ARE WE? The tech team builds the systems and apps that communicate with our customers, warehouses, customer service, payment providers, and more. In short, we create and manage the systems that keep the business running and, more importantly, make dogs happy. We work collaboratively (no such thing as a dumb question) and scientifically (test and measure whenever we can), while taking the work but not ourselves too seriously. We generally work on squads of engineers, product designers, data analysts, QA and product management. We also work closely with stakeholders throughout the company to get things done. We see technology as a means to an end; we love solving problems and making the most of our time! WHO WE'RE LOOKING FOR Software engineers at BARK contribute to the design and implementation of new features and improve our current codebase. We're enthusiastic about delivering quality software as well as building intuitive, friendly interfaces. The ideal person gets a thrill from applying creative problem solving, while balancing ambitious timelines and technical rigor. You know that the success of the company lies in the strength of the team and are excited to collaborate and mentor. Plus, you love that the code you deploy results in tails wagging across the country. Our currently open positions span teams focused on subscriber growth, subscription and account management, multi channel customer communication, payment systems, warehouse operations, and order management. So if you can give a pup belly scratches until you get carpal tunnel, or love the sound of squeaky toys as your background noise, come join us! KEY DUTIES Product Focus: Participate in the ideation and planning of features to set the team up for success. We build to deploy. Technical: Build beautiful intuitive user interfaces and build on our backend services to access customer data. Feature Delivery: Write well designed, testable and reliable code as you ship features that make dogs happy (and your coworkers too). Code Quality: Maintain a highly responsive system by ensuring code quality, stability and scalability. You are pragmatic not dogmatic. EXPERIENCE You have front end, back end, or full stack web development experience and are open to Ruby on Rails. You have 2+ years of professional experience (preferably at a startup). You can design data models and queries. You write tests early and often and enjoy working in a CI/CD environment. You care about delivering a good customer experience and align your code to that. You are comfortable with diving in to understand and build on an existing codebase. You value your own time and others' and find solutions to optimize it. Must love dogs. Love of dirds preferred, but not required. This position is a full time, salaried position. BARK currently has offices in NYC and Columbus, Ohio, but for the right candidates working remotely is also an option. We offer health insurance for both you and your pup, 401k, wonderful team lunches, cold brew on tap, and a dog to pet anytime you wish. ABOUT BARK Here at BARK, we love dogs and their people. We're looking to make all dogs happy throughout the entire world (we're not kidding). Think Disney for dogs we make magic for dogs and their people through our products, events, and experiences. Our ambition level is high, the opportunity is huge, and our love for dogs is through the roof! We launched in 2011 with BarkBox, a monthly themed subscription of all natural treats and clever toys. Since then, we've shipped more than 70 million toys and treats to the dogs across the world and use all of that direct customer feedback to inform new initiatives and ways to make magic between dogs and their people. We've since expanded into other offerings as well, as we aim to become THE Dog Company for every family with a four legged, belly scratch loving, interspecies family member. Company Description Square builds common business tools in unconventional ways so more people can start, run, and grow their businesses. When Square started, it was difficult and expensive (or just plain impossible) for some businesses to take credit cards. Square made credit card payments possible for all by turning a mobile phone into a credit card reader. Since then Square has been building an entire business toolkit of both hardware and software products including Square Capital, Square Terminal, Square Payroll, and more. We’re working to find new and better ways to help businesses succeed on their own terms—and we’re looking for people like you to help shape tomorrow at Square. Job Description Our Global Communications team is made up of tough, quick witted, entrepreneurial, and intellectually curious people. We communicate to the world Square's purpose of economic empowerment and our mission to empower businesses and individuals with easy to use, elegant tools that give them an advantage where they previously had none. Square is looking for a creative engineer to join the Corporate Purpose function of our team, a diverse group of individuals that uses data, design, and storytelling to advocate for Square's brand globally. Reporting to our Design Lead, you will bring technology to our creative process daily. As our first creative engineering hire, you will help conceptualize and deliver creative web experiences beyond the current scope of our web content platform and build the Square, Inc. hub from the ground up. The front end interactions you bring to life will create remarkable experiences for all of our audiences. You are well versed in an appropriate mix of development and prototyping platforms and tools, and know how to select the best platform for the task. You create code that is flexible and can be iterated upon, and pride yourself on being up to date with the latest best practices. Thriving on exploration and experimentation, you are at the heart of co creating ideas and bringing them to life. Your skill set complements your application of technology including but never limited to: a precise eye for intelligent UX, great design, and good foundation in strategy. For consideration, please submit a link to your portfolio or samples of past work*** You will: Participate in concept development iteration Develop prototypes coming out of ideation to create custom content experiences (ie. infographics, interactive tools and more) and quickly demonstrate what an idea looks and feels like in life Work creatively through and around perceived limitations and challenges imposed by the delivery platform to create delightful experiences for customers Evaluate and document any new creative or engineering standards or patterns that could arise from your work Participate in team strategy discussions and brainstorms Create and own product road maps Qualifications You have: BS in Computer Science or a related technical field, and 5+ years of relevant work experience Front end development HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Backend development Familiarity of Ruby, Java or other backend languages A portfolio of work that displays responsive web examples, iconography, typography, color, and imagery An understanding of web standards, browser performance, and basic UX/UI principles A history of collaboration with other non technical teams Skills to clearly communicate complex problems to any audience in verbal, visual, or written formats. Even better: Experience with Adobe Creative Suite and Figma Experience with animation and motion for the web Experience with D3js Additional Information At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)squareupcom. We will treat your request as confidentially as possible. In your email, please include your name and preferred method of contact, and we will respond as soon as possible. Perks At Square, we want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes: Healthcare coverage Retirement Plans Employee Stock Purchase Program Wellness perks Paid parental leave Paid time off Learning and Development resources Temboo is home to environmentalists, technologists, designers, and everyone in between. We believe in empowering all people to use emerging technology to make their own world a better place. Our no code platform for environmental engagement helps communities advocate for policy changes, nonprofits assess environmental conditions, cities maintain green infrastructure, and citizens become more involved. We’re building software that helps people measure, share, and grow their sustainability efforts—and we want you to help! Here’s some things we’re excited about: Our customers are building a wide range of environmental monitoring applications, from tracking soil moisture in city tree beds to assessing pH levels in octopus farms! As reported by the New York Times, our platform helps people combine science, sensors, and community organizing to make where they live, work, and play greener. Regardless of background or experience, we provide all the tools needed to measure, engage, inform, and advocate to build more engaged communities, neighborhoods, and environments. We partner with groups like the Waterfront Alliance, The Grid, and SWIM to lend our support for smarter, more resilient waterfronts and urban communities. Our software comes pre shipped in hardware development platforms for millions of devices from companies like Texas Instruments, Samsung, and Arduino. Our software integrates with over 100 internal and external APIs and cloud services, and we work closely with API providers such as Amazon and Microsoft to make their APIs more accessible. Temboo has been adopted as a teaching tool by over 150 universities worldwide, in courses ranging from traditional CS and engineering, to digital art and urban data mining. We're looking for an embedded software engineer who loves writing software for microcontrollers. If you get excited about the intricacies of embedded systems, have successfully developed C and C++ software for production systems involving embedded hardware, and want to apply those skills to building the future of internet connected physical computing systems, we'd love to hear from you. In this hands on role, you'll join our small, gifted team of embedded software developers to design and implement new approaches to embedded systems that push the boundaries of what embedded hardware can do. What You'll Be Doing Building embedded software libraries that people will use to connect the physical and digital worlds Collaborating on a broad range of software architecture and implementation challenges, from optimizing embedded C code to defining how MCUs communicate with the Temboo platform Learning about new technologies, like M2M networking protocols and emerging embedded operating systems and radio technologies, to improve your problem solving abilities and push the Temboo platform forward What We're Looking For In You Professional experience with developing embedded software for microcontrollers using C and C++ A degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering (or comparable experience) Knowledge of networking in embedded systems Experience quickly familiarizing yourself with new hardware Knowledge of assembly Experience with hardware communications protocols Why You Should Apply You'll work on exciting technical challenges like designing secure, optimized protocols for communicating with internet connected hardware, designing embedded libraries to run on a wide range of MCU architectures, and writing power and memory efficient code across multiple embedded operating systems You’ll be writing software that people use to make a positive impact on the world You’ll get wide ranging exposure to different aspects of the technology and business worlds since Temboo touches hardware & software, multiple layers of the technology stack, and a variety of industries You’ll be part of a committed, smart, respectful, and fun team We offer competitive compensation, a casual office environment, and respect for autonomy Our users are our customers, and they control their own data. We're not selling ads or user data. 2019 08 01 104 Franklin St. New York, NY 10013 Full time Truveris is a digital health company that partners with employers, brokers, and pharmaceutical companies to dramatically improve people’s ability to afford and access prescription drugs. With expertise and technology solutions that span across the prescription drug ecosystem, we deliver the outcomes people and businesses need to thrive. We are on a mission to transform the pharmacy benefit industry and are backed by leading venture capital firms including Canaan Partners, First Round, New Atlantic Ventures, New Leaf Venture Partners, Tribeca Venture Partners and McKesson Ventures. In 2018, Truveris was ranked as one of the fastest growing technology companies in the US. by Deloitte, Crain's, and Inc. POSITION SUMMARY As a Software Engineer, you are a critical resource, working across teams to build and enhance our products. We welcome full stack engineers, passionate backend engineers, and engineers that are enthusiastic about data. We have mid level, senior and tech lead openings. Collaboratively across teams, you will have the opportunity to build creative solutions to business and technical challenges. In this role, you will act as an expert in your domain area and serve as a partner to Product; all the while promoting best practices and mentoring other engineers within your team. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop new products and features using leading edge technology Work closely with our QA team to ensure the operation and correctness of new product features through test driven development (TDD) Provide technical input and knowledge to your scrum team for the planning, design, and requirements process for new products and features Collaborate with other engineers to review code and participate in pair programming Drive architecture for complex products by determining current limitations and coming up with creative solutions Improve the performance, maintainability, and operations of the code base QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in related discipline (Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, etc.) or a combination of education and related experience Strong written and verbal communication skills to easily work across the organization 5+ years of professional coding experience (with 2+ of those years using Python) Strong expertise in using modern python frameworks Knowledge of RDBMS (PostgreSQL, Redshift, etc.) Experience in mentoring less experienced team members Knowledge utilizing Atlassian Suite (Jira/Confluence/BitBucket) Experience with Linux/Unix (know your way around a shell) Experience with AWS preferred Experience with front end frameworks like React preferred Work with big data tools such as Apache Spark preferred Strong refactoring skills Experience in API design Experience in building scalable systems Good understanding of security/access control, high availability, multi threading, and concurrency patterns Ability to work in Scrum/Agile software team Ability to work with a diverse group of people in a collaborative environment Truveris provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. JPMorgan Chase invests over $10 billion annually in technology to empower our agile teams at the forefront of innovation. Blockchain developments have encouraged us to consider the rapidly changing finance industry and how technology can reshape the ways we conduct business. Please join us for an event on Thursday, Oct 1, from 5:00 6:30pm that will share how the evolving blockchain ecosystem has the potential to change the financial world, and how we've already begun embracing opportunities through the Interbank Information Network, Intraday Repo and JPMorgan Coin. The event will be followed by an interactive networking opportunity. If you're passionate about rapidly evolving technologies and have 2+ years of experience in CS/CE, distributed computing, APIs, or technical product management, we want to meet you! When you register you will receive the details to join the virtual eventJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans The Securities Services Technology Engineering & Architecture team acts as a catalyst for adoption of industry best practices in software delivery. In this role, the successful candidate will work as a subject matter expert on application architecture, hosting platforms such as Cloud Foundry, Kubernetes and AWS, and the JPMC Enterprise Toolchain (JET). Where gaps in platform/tool offerings exist, the candidate will work with partner teams (CIB E&A, CTO, GTI, CTC) to identify and implement solutions. Essential Skills Demonstrated ability and desire to learn and evaluate new technologies Strong development skills in one or more of Java/Python/C#/JavaScript Experience working in a structured Software Delivery Lifecycle, utilizing Continuous Integration/Delivery Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Strong organizational ability, time and project management skills to juggle many priorities Preferred Hands on experience with Kubernetes Strong knowledge of and experience with JET toolchain Experience working with public cloud platforms (AWS/Azure/GCP) JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans Who We Are The Farmer's Dog was created to radically improve the $90 billion global pet food industry — starting with a subscription service that sends freshly made food directly to customers' doors. Long term, our aim is to simplify every part of pet care, bettering the lives of the animals who make our lives better. We recently raised our Series B and are backed by early investors of Warby Parker, Dollar Shave Club, Sweetgreen, and Glossier. Join The Farmer's Dog team as we continue to figure out ways of bringing peace of mind to customers, health to their companions, and much needed change to the way people feed and care for their pets. #mustlovedogs Where You'll Come In The Farmer's Dog is looking for a Backend Software Engineer to help us build our subscription based e commerce business from the ground up. Our aim is to offer a seamless subscription experience through on time production, customized products and best in class customer support. Although this position will likely involve more backend focussed work, the ideal candidate we're looking for would be someone who has a desire to work across our stack in a more full stack focussed environment. If you are someone who is strong with NodeJS and proficient with React, we would love for you to apply! Our architecture is based around a NodeJS API that's hosted on AWS. We have two web applications that interface with it: 1) the consumer facing website that has content pages, checkout flow, and end user subscription management and 2) the back office tool that the fulfillment and customer support team uses for reporting, customer management, and advanced subscription options. Both front end application are written in Redux and React. Additionally, we have a number of microservices to handle webhooks and long running jobs like generating customized booklets and handling shipment tracking events. How You'll Make An Impact Minimizing customer support tickets by adding more features on the Customer Portal Adding a mixing plan option to checkout flow through which a customer could set a price and receive a plan that facilitates supplementing their current food with ours Creating a referral management section in the Customer Portal Simplifying the process of modifying an order once it has been billed and supporting partial refunds and billings Create highly interactive content pages Writing tests with Mocha, Jest, TestCafe We're Excited About You Because You should have at least 3+ years of hands on Software Engineering experience Recent experience working as a Backend Software Engineer or Full Stack Software Engineer with backend focused work You should feel confident working with NodeJS, React/Redux or JavaScript (ES6+) in general We take pride in writing software the right way. That means peer reviews, ample time to refactor code, and write tests Benefits Brand new dog friendly office in Greenwich Village (complete with free roaming friendly dogs) Comprehensive Healthcare, Dental, and Vision Flexible PTO and WFH policy Discounted fresh food for your pup Strict daily belly rub quota About Ro Founded in 2017, Ro is a patient driven telehealth company that puts you in control of your health. We’re patients, just like you, building technology to make healthcare accessible, affordable, and maybe even enjoyable. Ro powers three digital health clinics Roman for men’s health, Rory for women’s health, and Zero for fighting smoking addiction as well as Ro Pharmacy, a simple and affordable online pharmacy where every medication is $5 per month. The company’s nationwide networking of physicians and pharmacies provides a personalized, end to end healthcare experience from online treatment to the delivery of medication and ongoing care. Ro was named #2 in Wellness on Fast Company’s 2019 list of the World’s Most Innovative Companies, listed by Inc. Magazine as a Best Place to Work in 2020, and earned its Great Place to Work Certification in 2020. Our teams are growing and we are looking for Full Stack Software Engineers of all levels and backgrounds to join us in our mission of being a patient's first call. As a Full Stack Software Engineer at Ro, you’ll build the products and technology that powers Ro's ability to be a patient's first call. You’ll do much more than just write code you’ll be an integral part of the entire product development process, from ideation through delivery and iteration. In collaboration with stakeholders across medical, care, and operations, your work will impact the lives of our members all across the country. You will build technology to help people become a healthier version of themselves, turn physicians into better healthcare professionals and power our increasingly complex operations and fulfillment logistics. What You'll Do: Draw from previous engineering at scale experience to influence and steer improvements within our multi office Engineering organization Build across the full stack from the backend APIs to front end user interfaces to deliver end to end solutions Design and build large scale, distributed, highly available, well tested, and easily managed applications Create and manage new applications to power new product initiatives, and iterate on web applications within our existing Python, Django, Javascript, React stack Work collaboratively with people throughout the company to understand the goals, needs, and priorities of systems and applications What You'll Bring: Engineering experience with a solid understanding of how to design robust and scalable services A solid background in writing understandable, testable, and efficient code in a modern programming language Familiarity with relevant tools and technologies, and have a drive to stay up to date with ongoing changes and advancements Clear communication around technical concepts and ideas to other engineers and the ability to talk to other parts of the organization You have experience using a flavor of version control—we use git and Github to collaborate and manage pull requests We welcome qualified candidates of all races, creeds, genders, and sexuality to apply. See our California Privacy Policy here. Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design Candidates must have a Bachelor in Computer Science Engineering or related field. • Excellent problem solving skills. • Possess an extremely sound understanding of areas in the basic areas of Computer Science such as Algorithms, Data Structures, Object Oriented Design, Databases. • Be able to write Amazon quality code in an object oriented language preferably in Java in a Linux environment. • Candidate must have good written and oral communication skills, be a fast learner and have the ability to adapt quickly to a fast paced development environment. Amazoncom's Display Advertising team builds and manages systems with extreme high performance and availability. We serve and respond to hundreds of billions of requests annually, and have ambitions to grow that number several orders of magnitude, while maintaining response latencies in the milliseconds and meeting strict SLA requirements. We delight in data, and are constantly trying to enrich our models and make more informed decisions using every bit and byte we have. Our current systems serve our current needs, but we are growing a new business within Amazoncom, and are looking for the sort of hands on leaders and developers who can design and build the systems that will take us into the future. About you: You're looking for a career where you'll be able to build, to deliver, and to impress. You look at problems holistically, and thrive on the intricate complexity of designing feedback loops and ecosystems. You want to work on projects where you are implementing solutions to real problems that require creative solutions and deep understanding of the problem space. You challenge yourself and others to constantly come up with better solutions. This highly visible role requires frequent communication with senior leadership in order to help shape and deliver on the product roadmap, and requires you to nimbly switch between strategic and tactical initiatives to achieve technical, business, and customer experience goals. You'll be given an opportunity to own and drive initiatives through the entire software stack from customer facing features, to algorithmic innovation, all the way down to the datasets that the back end services consume. About us together: We're going to change the way that the advertising world measures, plans, and buys. Along the way, we're going to face seemingly impossible problems. We're going to argue about how to solve them, and we'll work together to find a solution that is superior to each of the proposals we came in with. We'll make tough decisions, but we'll all understand why. We'll be the dream team. The ideal developer for this space will be highly quantitative, have great judgment and passion for building a great customer experience, be inventive, and have a strong track record of delivery. You also have a pragmatic approach and iterative approach to building software: you have an ability to simplify and get things done with a demonstrated track record of building and delivering software and working effectively with external and internal teams. Some problem spaces we'll be working on: AD PLATFORM accessing this data and making decisions across large numbers of potential responses in a matter of milliseconds is a tough problem, and requires complex high scale engineering both online and offline. You may specialize in one area or another, but will need to consider the problem holistically. Today, we are a global operation with infrastructure in North America, Europe and Asia and we are looking to enter India and Brazil. Our platform is hosted in AWS and we serve ads for Mobile (mobile web, Amazon mobile APPs and 3rd Party Mobile Apps) and Desktop Web (both on Amazon owned and operated properties as well as third party sites via Ad Exchanges and Direct relationships). we are looking to continue to rearchitect the platform this year to better enable us to handle the demands of scaling the business enabling both enterprise managed and self service growth in addition to small business self service growth. OPTIMIZATION we have a wealth of data already about the customers we interact with; what they've been shopping for, what they've recently purchased, etc. Couple that with an almost overwhelming amount of real time data and the need to build the best models to predict which signals are likely to have an impact and which aren't. We're building platforms to automate the generation, validation, and publishing of models that incorporate all available data to predict performance against our customers' goals. You’ll need to be both an engineer and scientist – you’ll build the platforms to test and measure your hypotheses, iterate on your designs, and find innovative signals and solutions that fundamentally shift the effectiveness of our systems. EXPERIMENTATION advertisers spend a lot of money to develop their ads, and we want to ensure that those ads will drive the best performance possible. To do so, we need to develop the data, analysis and technical frameworks to enable incredibly precise, highly impactful decisions that directly impact the ad performance. Furthermore, the experimentation framework needs to provide the ability for our internal partners to configure and execute experiments on our algorithms and infrastructure with sufficiently low friction to encourage further experimentation. Questions?: You may already know if you're a fit, but perhaps you're worried about technology and experience requirements? Don't be we're looking for smart, proven, engineers; if you're the right candidate, we're flexible. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field • Equivalent experience to a Bachelor's degree based on 3 years of work experience for every 1 year of education • 2+ years professional experience in software development • Computer Science fundamentals in object oriented design • Computer Science fundamentals in data structures • Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis • Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as Java, Scala, Python Devpost's mission is to inspire the world's developers to build great software. Developers consider us their go to site for discovering and competing in the world’s software competitions (hackathons), and for finding inspiration to build their next big project. As a developer on our team, you’ll help them do that daily. Customers who trust us to inspire these developers include Amazon, Google, TechCrunch, Microsoft, Atlassian, Facebook, Blockone, DocuSign, Twitter, Snapchat, many startups and non profits, and more. The global market for new software and its makers has exploded, and we’re uniquely positioned to provide developers with a platform for what matters to them: learning, community, and professional opportunity. Our goals are centered around a close relationship with our users, and a dedication to continuously improving our platform and ourselves to meet their needs. Our purpose is firmly rooted in the belief that technology can bring about important change and improve lives. What We're Looking For: You have a strong commitment to building great, well factored code. You take pride in your work. You do well in teams. Developers and designers you've worked with think highly of you and your work. As a web developer on our small team, you'll have a huge impact on all of our current and future projects. You'll contribute to product design, implementation, deployment, refinement, and maintaining production. For the past several years, you've been: Creating production software (3+ years), with at least 2 of those years creating web applications in Ruby on Rails or similar Using practices to improve code quality and reduce bugs (eg. code reviews, automated tests) Treating software engineering as a craft and exploring it outside of your day job We'd Like to See: Experience developing, releasing, and maintaining web applications Comfort with a server side MVC framework (eg. Ruby on Rails, Django, etc.) Ability to write clean, readable code Comfort with relational and/or non relational databases Attention to software development fundamentals Track record of collaboration and leadership in agile software methodologies Bonus Points: Experience with infrastructure configurations and maintenance Comfortable with macOS and unix based operating systems Experience with modern front end technologies, libraries and frameworks (eg. ES6, Vuejs/React, etc.) Evidence of community involvement, ie. open source contributions on Github, StackOverflow questions/answers, SlideShare presentations, Devpost portfolio showcasing your projects Salary and Benefits: Competitive Salary Stock Options Great Benefits The position is for full time employment. We're based in New York, but remote employees in the US and Canada are welcome. If you’re interested in making a meaningful difference in the world through your code on day one, send us a copy of your resume and a cover letter sharing a little about you and why you might be a good fit. Please also provide a link to source code for a recent project that exemplifies your work. This is a remote position. Description: About Us Tassat Group LLC, is a New York based fintech company that provides blockchain based technology solutions for Digital Payments and Digital Exchange markets. Tassat has already delivered the first digital payments platform approved by the NYDFS that has transacted significant volume to date, and plans to launch a CFTC regulated digital asset derivatives exchange designed for institutional investors. All products listed for trading on the exchange will be self certified with the CFTC Our digital asset ecosystem also offers data analytics products, including a comprehensive benchmark for Bitcoin and Ether. You can find us in the vibrant Flatiron District. Who We're Looking For Junior Java Engineer Opportunity Tassat is looking for a Junior Java Engineer to join our cross functional team and work on server side applications for our Payments and Exchange products. The ideal candidate will have some schooling or certification in the area of Java development and the ability to work within a virtual team. The candidate will take part in and contribute to functional development of business features through collaboration with team members and stakeholders during scrums. The candidate will be responsible for implementation and testing of assigned project tasks. This role reports to the Director of Software Application. What You Own Collaborate and work with other developers, business analysts and stakeholders on the team to meet the objectives of the business Adhere to technical and architectural best practices and standards for the company Implement features and correct software defects within the platform that help drive user adoption, improved performance and overall business goals Test features and software defects to ensure high quality of software delivery Demonstrate features meet business requirements to stakeholders Participate in the Peer Review process for the organization . Requirements: What You Bring Intellectual curiosity and the drive to continuously improve the environment Excellent troubleshooting skills and documentation capabilities Translation of business concepts and processes into services to support an intuitive and integrated user experience across platforms High collaboration with other developers, business analysts and stakeholders on the team to meet the objectives of the business while adhering to technical and architectural standards and best practices for the company Believe in what the company is building, and are willing to take on whatever role is necessary to achieve the company’s goals and help the business win You Should Have Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Engineering, Boot Camp, Certification or Work equivalent 0+ years' experience doing Java development Familiarity with Object Oriented programming and design principles Familiarity with data structures and algorithms Familiarity with databases and SQL Familiarity with Linux environment Familiarity with unit testing frameworks (JUnit) Strong desire and passion to master the tradecraft required for Java development Positive and excited to learn from a team of exceptional engineers Working With Us At Tassat, you will work with incredibly talented engineers, market experts, and thought leaders to shape the future of a financial ecosystem. We offer a uniquely entrepreneurial, supportive culture, where ideas can come from anywhere and execution is everything. We understand the importance of autonomy, mastery, and purpose We strive to be extremely transparent, organizationally flat, and open minded. While you will have clearly delineated responsibilities, you are welcome and encouraged to contribute beyond those areas. We value ideas and results, not ranks and titles We believe great results can only come from great people. If you’re interested in working alongside people wo are bright, creative, and diligent – this is the place. We value people who can bring new perspectives to our company. Here are some traits that are important to us: Ability to solve problems head on (and hands on) and in simple creative ways Bring unwavering passion to the team and the work you do Savvy researcher, continuous learner, and enthusiastic team player. We need you to feel like an owner, motivated to succeed and enthusiastic about helping others Urgency is key! We all play many roles here and must get our hands into everything to get it done Tassat Group LLC is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Traditional debt collection is rife with harassment and fraud, producing more consumer complaints than any sector of consumer finance. Debtsy is serious about driving systemic change in a predatory industry. We provide a data driven debt resolution platform that’s built with empathy in mind, empowering borrowers to dispute, negotiate, and resolve their debt without stress or embarrassment while providing unparalleled transparency and compliance to financial institution clients. We have financial institution clients, are backed by top tier fintech venture capitalists, and have grown the number of accounts on our platform by 6x since the beginning of this year. As a software engineer, you will be building the core of the Debtsy product. You’ll have the opportunity to touch many parts of development, including full stack web development, data engineering, machine learning, DevOps, security, and you’ll get first hand experience wearing product and strategic hats as well. At Debtsy, you'll be an early member of a fast growing company. You'll have a large degree of ownership and an outsized impact on our path and ultimate success. We foster a culture of collaboration and open feedback, thoughtful problem solving, and continual learning and growth. Finally, a diversity of perspectives and experiences is important to our team, so we encourage especially those with backgrounds underrepresented in tech to apply. What you might tackle: Create delightful and engaging user experiences for both consumers and financial institution clients Build and refine machine learning models to automate operations and understand the unique financial situation of each borrower Design and build systems that meet our extraordinarily high compliance and security bar at scale Architect and implement mission critical features and product expansions that allow us to serve the largest financial institutions in the country You may be a fit if you: Have solid experience with web frameworks, databases, and building intuitive, user friendly apps. We mostly use type annotated Python3, Flask, and PostgreSQL, but we care more about general engineering skill than knowledge of a particular language. Hold yourself and others to a high bar when working with production systems Enjoy driving projects from ideation to completion and enjoy collaborating with design, product, and other engineers to do so Debtsy is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, disability, age, veteran status, or any other category protected by law. Join an Innovative Deep Learning team with the opportunity to be creative while supporting ever changing technology. Our Ideal Candidate Is/Has 1+ years experience with website design Great HTML and CSS skills, experience developing web sites without templates Graphic design experience strongly preferred JavaScript Good collaboration, teamwork, and learning skills RWD Nice to haves Image processing / production skills and experience with InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator Better is redefining homeownership and making it simpler, faster—and most importantly—more accessible for everyone. We leverage technology and expertise to find ways that we can make the homebuying journey more approachable and understandable. Right now we’re funding over $2 billion in home loans per month We’ve funded over $14 billion in loans and $35 billion in insurance We ranked #1 in the US. on LinkedIn's Top Startups 2020 We ranked #11 on Fortune’s Best Places to Work in Financial Services 2020 Our Founder and CEO was named in Comparably's Top 25 CEOs for Diversity We were listed to Forbes’ FinTech 50 2020 And #15 on the 2020 CNBC Disruptor 50 We’ve secured over $254 million from our investors to date Our company is made up of driven, passionate people who bring their unique backgrounds and perspectives to everything we do and we are committed to fostering diversity, multiculturalism, and inclusion. We see the perspectives that each person brings and a diverse workforce as essential for individual and collective success. We believe it’s important to foster a company culture that encourages curiosity and passion—from employee resource groups and learning opportunities to team outings and community outreach. A Better opportunity: Help us hack a thirteen trillion dollar industry by building a product that will allow more people than the status quo to own a home and build wealth rather than rent for life. Better is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join the tech team. Our tech team is small but growing, and you will be a huge part of defining the technical direction and culture. We encourage proposals for projects off the beaten path, experimentation with different frameworks and libraries, and doing as you see fit to seek problems. We also offer above market compensation and equity, as well as full benefits. As a Software Engineer on the Infrastructure and Developer Tools team you will work on the bedrock that all other systems sit on top of. From databases and Kubernetes clusters to CI systems and deployment tools, you will be responsible for the mechanisms that power an engineering team deploying code 50 100 times per day. This team operates with a product driven approach with its own Product Manager and the broader engineering team as its customers. Some examples of current projects: Setting up Spinnaker to do deployments to make all deployable artifacts immutable and provide a GUI for doing rollbacks. Automating provisioning of new environments with isolated networking and Kubernetes clusters on EKS. Improving CI performance and cost Growingour CLI tool to automate day to day tasks for developers Setting up a unified, dockerized, interface for services so that after a fresh clone of the repo on a new machine every service is runnable with a single command from a cold start. Better technology We ship code 50 100 times every day Nodejs, Python (36), and GoLang for services Emberjs, React, Typescript on the frontend ES6 across the stack Postgres for the database, Redshift for our Data warehouse Kubernetes, for deployment and devops AWS for infrastructure, using EKS, S3, CloudFront, Route53, and much more Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience 5+ years of experience in coding in at least one modern lang such as Python, Java, Scala, Nodejs 3+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design of new and existing systems (architecture, design patterns, reliability, and scaling) Experience in building sophisticated production software systems Preferred Qualifications: Demonstrated ability to mentor and develop other team members including junior software engineers Experience defining system architecture(s) and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs and capabilities Startup mentality, ownership, and a proper balance of quality and sense of urgency The Better mission is rooted in values that drive us. We do what’s in the best interest of the consumer, not ourselves We have growth mindsets, not fixed ones We believe that success lies in execution, not credentials We act like owners, not just employees We work to find answers on our own, not wait for them to be given to us We optimize for mission, not ego Our mission speaks for itself—we continue to outpace the industry at every turn. We’ve recently joined forces in partnership with Ally Bank, and our backers have helped build some of the most transformative tech and finance companies in history. Kleiner Perkins, Goldman Sachs, American Express, Citigroup, Activant Capital, Ally Bank, and others have invested in our vision for what homeownership can be. Better is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion or religious creed, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, marital status, family or parental status, disability, military or veteran status, age, or any other basis protected by law. All employment decisions at Better are based on a person’s merit, business needs, and role requirements. Depending on your location, the California Consumer Privacy Act or other laws may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. For further information on how we collect data of job applicants, please click here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. MAGINXWe are a digital agency in NYC that aims to craft eCommerce websites and solutions. Our experts bring full digital content and services to our customers looking to expand and improve upon their digital shops and presence. We are currently looking for Software Engineer to work on site in our New York officeSoftware EngineerWe are seeking a talented, motivated Software Engineer with experience in ecommerce, who is passionate about coding and eager to use the latest web technologies. You will be working on a number of high profile eCommerce websites that get significant traffic and are integrated with multiple 3rd party systemsPrimary Responsibilities / AccountabilitiesWriting well organized, robust server and client side code with maintainability and scalability in mindProvide time estimates for the implementation of features/functionalityFollow common web standards and development methodologiesResearch and recommend new technology to enhance user experienceIntegrating 3rd party APIs and interfaces with our client sitesAutomating manual processes using scripting languagesQualifications / Abilities3+ Years Work Experience in Web or Software DevelopmentVery strong front end web experience HTML, JS, CSS, Responsive designExperience with popular PHP frameworks, especially Magento/Zend and WordpressExperience with developing integrations with 3rd party systems (fulfillment, ERP etc.)Experience with AJAX and JavaScript Code Libraries Such as Prototype & JQueryExperience in a Cross Browser ImplementationVery comfortable with version control concepts and software (specifically GIT)Excellent written communication skills and expectation managementAbility to handle multiple, competing priorities and meet deadlinesDetail oriented approach to workAbility to work in an open, collaborative environmentJob Type: Full timeJob Type: Full timeBenefits:Paid time offSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payCOVID 19 considerations:Fully Remote during Covid 19Experience:Software Development: 1 year (Preferred)Web: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Location:New York, NY 10005 (Preferred)Work Location:One locationRelocation Assistance Provided:NoBenefit Conditions:Only full time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 The D. E. Shaw group’s summer doctoral internship program exposes talented PhD. candidates to the projects and environment associated with full time work in quantitative analysis and software development at the firm. PhD. interns interact with fellow interns and employees of similar academic backgrounds while discovering how the analytical skills gained from their graduate programs may relate to the work done here. Throughout the internship, PhD. candidates are encouraged to attend our academic speaker series and track academic progress in various areas that may be of interest. In the Flatiron District, NYC based FinTech company is looking for a React Based Tech lead to join their team. This is a project management based position where you will be in charge of running entire projects from start to finishRequired:5+ Years Experience working as a Front End DeveloperExperience working with ReactExperience working with Typescript and NodeExposure to ScalaUnfortunately, this client is unable to provide sponsorship or transferThis is a full time, permanent direct hire. Not available as corp to corp, contract, C2HJob Type: Full timePay: $170,00000 $200,00000 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable more reliable than spontaneousDetail oriented would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 C++ Developer Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team! Interactive Brokers has been at the forefront of the Fintech space for over 40 years and we pride ourselves on being a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers. You will be part of: The Brokerage System Development Team that is responsible for providing trading and related backend systems used in Brokerage business You will be someone who can: Design, implement and deliver high quality software solutions that conform to architectural standards Manage and 'own' significant development tasks end to end (from business requirements analysis to 3rd level production support) Demonstrate excellent collaboration / communication skills in working closely with other development teams to roll out important changes and applications Who you are : Bachelor's in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or similar (masters/PhD a plus). Experience of at least 3 years in software development in C++, Object Oriented Programming, Networking, STL In depth understanding of OOP, design patterns, data structures, algorithms, and concurrency Proficiency in Linux / UNIX / shell scripting. Knowledge developing and debugging in C/C++ and Java Technically oriented, proactive, and enthusiastic, with extreme attention to detail. English written/verbal communication skills. Company Perks: Competitive salary, annual performance based bonuses, and annual stock grants. Daily company paid lunch. 401k with company match. Excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits. Newly renovated offices with sit/stand desks and multi monitor setups. Team outings and dinners. Education reimbursement and learning opportunities. Company Overview Interactive Brokers ("IBKR"), a subsidiary of publicly traded Interactive Brokers Group, Inc., based in Greenwich, Connecticut (NASDAQ: IBKR) is a low cost provider of trade execution and clearing services for active traders, institutional investors, financial advisors and introducing brokers. IBKR's premier technology provides electronic access to stocks, options, futures, forex, bonds, and funds worldwide from a single IBKR Integrated Investment account. IBKR is one of the largest online brokers by trade volume and is consistently ranked at the top of its field. Our employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast paced, results oriented team working to provide our customers with state of the art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools. Our headquarters are in Greenwich, CT, USA. IBKR has offices in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Estonia, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg,Russia, Singapore, Switzerland and United Kingdom. IBKR is a member of NYSE, FINRA, and SIPC. Interactive Brokers Group brokerage affiliates are regulated by securities and commodities agencies around the world. Click HERE to view a short video with a few words from current Interactive Brokers employees. (If the hyperlink is not active, copy and paste the following URL in your browser: https://wwwinteractivebrokers.com/en/indexphp?f=31899) For more information, please visit wwwibkr.com/info Greystone is a national financial services and private investment group and one of the nation’s leading providers of commercial mortgages for multifamily and healthcare properties. We offer a comprehensive line of real estate finance products for our clients. Greystone seeks leaders and team players, candidates who can work in a collaborative environment and possess drive, integrity, creativity, compassion and a strong work ethic. We are Greystone Labs, an innovation team and lender composed of underwriters, software engineers and data scientists. Our goal is to make commercial finance simple, transparent and accessible. For instance, we have developed a cloud based loan model that keeps the whole deal team in sync in real time which allows us to double our production without increasing risk. We leverage large sets of data, web apps and APIs and a sprinkle of genuine machine learning to make lending as streamlined and self sufficient as possible. We are hiring a Front End Engineer to join our team in New York City. We are looking for a resourceful, self directed person to join our team assisting with writing and maintaining reusable, scalable and well tested code. Principal Duties and Responsibilities Develop a SPA in React (Flux/Redux)Leverage external APIs, posting and fetching server responsesDevelop using a test framework, such as JestWrite clean, readable code (and we’re serious about this) Experience, Skills and Abilities Required 5 years prior experienceDegree in Computer ScienceHeroku, Salesforce experience helpfulDetail oriented with strong organizational/project management skillsExcellent verbal and written communications skills At Greystone, we believe that finding creative solutions for our clients comes from the collaboration of people with diverse backgrounds and perspectives. We strive to build an inclusive work environment that celebrates differences and empowers all individuals with opportunities to channel their entrepreneurial spirit. As a developer in the Quartz Core Solutions team, you will: Be part of a team where all members code, and engineering talent is highly valued Develop the financial foundational components of Quartz including trade, reference and market data Gain a deep understanding of the financial object model and how to effectively apply it to solve business problems Gain a deep understanding of the non financial layers of the Quartz Stack (distributed compute, object database, development tools) to rapidly build high performance and robust solutions Use a highly efficient and tightly integrated development environment Follow an agile development methodology with frequent production releases and good unit test coverage Collaborate with line of business developers to help them to leverage the platform to the greatest effect while ensuring that implementations are sufficiently generalized to support the cross product enterprise consumers of Quartz data Measure, improve and maintain data quality Research and analyze the root cause of issues and solve them in a permanent manner We are looking for brilliant software engineers who: Write beautiful, clear, concise, well structured and maintainable code Have substantial and recent programming experience in object oriented or functional programming languages and wish to spend most of their time developing Exceptional knowledge of computer science data structures Work collaboratively and strive to deliver the best rather than the easiest solutions An overwhelming urge to solve complex problems without being directed to do so Able to seek out the information they need to solve problems The desire to work in a test driven software development environment that relies on iterative feedback An interest in financial services (financial markets, data modeling, and risk computation) TO BE USED ONLY IN ORGANIZATIONS DELIVERING SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS: Responsible for developing and delivering complex software requirements to accomplish business goals. Ensures that software is developed to meet functional, non functional, and compliance requirements. Codes solutions, unit tests, and ensures the solution can be integrated successfully into the overall application/system with clear, robust and well tested interfaces. Familiar with development and testing practices of the bank. Contributes to story refinement/defining requirements. Participates and guides team in estimating work necessary to realize a story/requirement through the delivery lifecycle. Performs spike/proof of concept as necessary to mitigate risk or implement new ideas. Codes solutions and unit tests to deliver a requirement/story per the defined acceptance criteria and compliance requirements Utilizes multiple architectural components (across data, application, business) in design and development of client requirements. Assists team with resolving technical complexities involved in realizing story work. Contributes to existing test suites (integration, regression, performance); Analyzes test reports, identifies any test issues/errors; Triages the underlying cause. Documents and communicates required information for deployment, maintenance, support, and business functionality. Participates, contributes and can coach team members in the delivery/release (CI CD) events. eg. branching timelines, pull requests, issue triage, merge/conflict resolution, release notes. Individual contributor. Bank of America...Strives to bring new thoughts and ideas to teams in order to drive innovation and unique solutionsExcels in working among diverse viewpoints to determine the best path forwardExperience in connecting with a diverse set of clients to understand future business needs – is a continuous learnerCommitment to challenging the status quo and promoting positive changeParticipate in and drive collaborative efforts to advance tools, technology, and ways of working to better serve an evolving client baseBelieves in value of diversity so we can reflect, connect and meet the diverse needs of our clients and employees around the world Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description The API Engineer collaborates with native developers on their team to build engaging and effective user experiences for Etsy’s native applications. Etsy is seeking an API Engineer to join our Native App Software Engineering team. Our marketplace has an abundance of one of a kind items from independent artists, designers and vintage collectors from around the world. Our challenge? Make it easier for buyers to find these remarkable goods and for creative entrepreneurs to run their businesses. Do you have the skills, passion and empathy to take on this task? Are you excited about building products that thrill our buyers and empower millions of small businesses? About the Team The technical staff at Etsy believe that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture represented by the millions of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our pioneering continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. We primarily write in PHP. Previous experience with PHP is not required as long as you have an interest in learning. Our team has recently launched a feature that leverages augmented reality to help buyers see prints and artwork in their own home, as well as an improved experience for presenting item reviews and policies. Learn more about our engineering philosophies, tools, and some of the challenges we’ve been solving on our Engineering blog: http://codeascraftcom/ About the Role You'll be helping us build high impact products and experiences for people buying and selling with Etsy. You will be contributing primarily in the backend of our web application stack, using technologies like PHP, MySQL, and Memcache. You will be working on a cross functional team that includes product managers, data scientists, data analysts, designers, and other engineers. You are comfortable collaborating closely with product managers and designers, providing estimates or product ideas that will influence your team’s roadmap. Qualifications About You You are an engineer with more than 2 years professional experience in a software/API engineering role or similar Love to, and are able to, learn new systems and technologies. Are interested in monitoring the health and performance of the applications your team owns. Believe automated testing is the way to create great, stable products. Understand the ins and outs of creating an API to be consumed by multiple platforms. Have a “leave it better than you found it” mentality, and are willing to work with and improve on code you did not originally write. Love to experiment and use data to drive decision making. Are generous with your time and experience, and are interested in being a mentor and mentee. Will be a mindful, transparent, and communicative member of your team. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. We are looking for a Backend Software Engineer to join our talented, dynamic, and rapidly growing global team. The position is based out of our London office situated in the heart of London’s tech community in Shoreditch. All employees have the option to work entirely or partially remote through June 2021Company DescriptionOpenAsset is the leading Digital Asset Management solution for the Architecture, Construction, Engineering and Real Estate industries. We help our customers be more productive in storing, finding, using and sharing their large volumes of digital assets and associated dataWe have over 600 clients and 15 years experience of delivering value. We are a smart, friendly and motivated group of individuals who are relentlessly focused on building great software, delighting our clients and finding new ones!Both our London and New York offices have very calm, fun, and welcoming environmentsPosition OverviewAs Backend Software Engineer, you will join our growing and talented engineering team that is split across our London and New York offices. Our team is fun, progressive and diligent, and candidates should fit right in!Our team is friendly, fun, down to earth, and very welcoming!ResponsibilitiesDesign and develop services that will support and add new functionality to our core product, OpenAssetTake a central role in the creation of software services from the design phase through to productionTake ownership of deployment, testing and integration pipelinesMaintain and build upon existing infrastructureAdopt and ensure industry best practices are followedHave a good awareness and understanding of new technologies and how they may be appliedShare knowledge and mentor junior members of the teamSkills and Experience3+ years of experience working with Python in a commercial environmentExperience in cloud infrastructure platforms (we use AWS)Experience using infrastructure as code tooling (Terraform preferred)Microservices architecture experienceCreating and maintaining APIsTest driven developmentContinuous Integration (GitHub actions, CircleCi)Databases; relational (PostgreSQL, MySQL) and non relational (DynamoDB)Confident with Git version control and code reviewsAre receptive to feedback and are always looking to learn and improveExcellent communication skills and comfortable in collaborative environmentsCuriosity and confidence to debate customer value and impactTechnologies we useAWSTerraformPythonGoDockerDatabases (PostgreSQL, MySQL and DynamoDB)CircleCIGithub (and Github actions)ElasticSearchGraphQLBenefitsCompetitive salary25 paid vacation days8 bank holidaysSSPBike storage/shower facilities in buildingPension programThis position is not eligible for visa sponsorshipAxomic Ltd. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We base our employment decisions entirely on business needs, job requirements, and qualifications—we do not discriminate based on race, gender, religion, health, parental status, personal beliefs, veteran status, age, or any other status. We have zero tolerance for any kind of discrimination, and we are looking for candidates who share those values. Applications from women and members of underrepresented minority groups are welcomedJob Type: Full timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offParental leaveReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID 19 considerations:All employees have the option to work entirely or partially remote through June 2021Work Location:One locationThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable more reliable than spontaneousDetail oriented would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAchievement oriented enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failAutonomous/Independent enjoys working with little directionInnovative prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityCompany's website:openassetcomWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID 19 Hi, we're Oscar. We're a fully licensed health insurer. Our goal is to make healthcare simple, transparent, and human. In Engineering, we do that by building reliable and maintainable applications, infrastructure, and interfaces that make interacting with the health care system easier for everyone members, providers, and (yes!) ourselves. As an Oscar Engineer, you'll be joining a tight knit, passionate team of builders. We take pride in our ability to move quickly (deploys > 100/day), our small teams (engineers <= 5), and our willingness to tackle big problems (frequency == everyday). This is a unique opportunity to have the resources and stability of an established technology company, but have the freedom and flexibility of a 20 person startup. You will report into our Engineering leader in our New York City office. What we're actually doing: The following is a list of projects our teams are currently working on: Vitals alerting: Implement alerting on elevated vitals measurements from patients so clinicians can intervene and get patients care sooner Virtual Primary Care (VPC) team management: Build tools for patient/doctor management to support the growth of our VPC offering Hybrid visits: Extend our platform to support both Virtual and In Person visits from our providers Searchable benefit information: A search based interface providing members with a complete, accurate, yet easy to understand view into how their plan works and what's covered. You at Oscar You care about what you do. You care about what we do. You are a self starter you like being self led You're willing and able to learn quickly, whether it be a new shiny technology or an arcane, ill conceived data structure; our company may be new, but the health industry isn't! You pride yourself on building high quality, scalable applications, and user facing experiences end to end. You have at least 4 years of professional work experience. Anything else is a bonus. We believe diversity is a key ingredient in building something great. Here is more information on who we are. Oscar Tech Blog At Oscar, being an Equal Opportunity Employer means more than upholding discrimination free hiring practices. It means that we work to cultivate an environment where exceptional people can be their most authentic selves and find both belonging and support. We're on a mission to change healthcare an experience made whole by your unique background and perspectives. Oscar applicants are considered solely based on their qualifications, without regard to applicant's disability or need for accommodation. Any Oscar applicant who requires reasonable accommodations during the application process should contact the Oscar Benefits Team (accommodations@hioscarcom) to make the need for an accommodation known. Pay Transparency Policy: Oscar's Pay Transparency Policy ensures that you won't be discharged or discriminated against based on whether you've inquired about, discussed, or disclosed your pay. Read the full policy here. We are seeking full stack engineers with 2+ years of experience to join our Engineering team in Manhattan, New York. At SeedInvest we allow anyone to invest into startups or raise money for their startup online! To date over 450,000 investors signed up and we have successfully funded 200+ startups. We are on track to raise over $100 million for startups in 2020 alone. At SeedInvest, you'll be an important part of a team of incredible engineers who work together to build exciting new products in the startup investing space. If you are an engineer with an entrepreneurial mindset interested in VC and/or building out infrastructure to enable anyone in the world to access startup investments online, we want you to apply!! You will: Design and manage new web applications for SeedInvest that help founders or investors on our website (Check out current startups that raise money on our site: wwwseedinvest.com/offerings) Improve our current products to make them faster and even more user friendly Become an expert in front and back end development, and set up a robust web infrastructure on AWS Work closely with SeedInvest's founders and business teams to solve complex problems We would love to hear from you if: You are naturally curious about the technologies you use and take the initiate to dive in and learn more when you are unsure You enjoy taking ownership of your work and continuously want to improve the products you've built You have a deep passion for startups, entrepreneurship, and SeedInvest Extra Credit: You have previously worked in a startup or worked with full stack web development frameworks such as Django, Angular, or VueJs. Come join us today! Powered by JazzHR 1JrhFSUWFg Internship Description: About the organization Discovery Direct to Consumer is the technology arm of Discovery Inc. We work at the crossroads of technology, entertainment, and everyday utility, continuously leveraging technology to create immersive viewing and interactive experiences. We are building a global streaming video platform and a suite of applications to support all our global Discovery owned brands. These include DiscoveryGo, Food Network Plus, GolfTV, MotorTrend on Demand, Eurosport Player, Discovery plus, and many more. We build experiences ranging from traditional video streaming, to highly interactive and immersive applications. We build across connected TV, web, mobile and consoles and are fast, nimble and have fun building world class products for our iconic brands. About the team You’ll join the Product Engineering team. We are responsible for building and managing the front end applications for Discovery’s TV brands in the Direct to Consumer US business. These are media streaming applications for Web, Mobile, OTT (FireTV, Roku sticks) & Smart TVs. The features we build range from login, playing video to search, discovery & personalization. Our teams are organized around technology platforms (eg. Android) and product experience (eg. FireTV application) and preferred languages and technologies include Web 20 technologies (HTML5, CSS3 JS, React), Swift, Java/Kotlin & Brightscript (Roku) About the projects you’ll work on You’ll work across projects focused on building SVOD and TV Everywhere/Go streaming applications for 18 Discovery brands that are backed up by modern container based micro services operated on AWS. The scope spans across components for search, catalogue, video streaming, personalization, subscriptions, payments, profile management and a lot more. Requirements: What we’re looking for In addition to academic qualifications, consistent attributes we look for in our team are problem solving and proactivity, always offering suggestions and ideas. We’re also looking for curiosity, passion and the desire to constantly learn and grow! This is a learning opportunity, so we want our interns to ask lots of questions and not be intimidated to reach out to colleagues you don’t know. This is the perfect environment to absorb and apply new information. Must be currently enrolled as a student (proof of enrollment will be required if selected for an internship)Must be a rising Junior, Senior, or Graduate studentMust have at least a 30 GPAMust have the legal right to work in the United States. More About the Intern Program: Why Intern at Discovery In addition to building great products and creating some of the best content in the world, we’ve built a great team and culture! Our program offers unique experiences, with tremendous opportunities for growth. Everyone is passionate about the work we do, and it’s energizing to work on something you authentically care about. Our engineers are some of the most talented in the industry and are excited to mentor and learn from our interns. You’ll have the opportunity to help deliver customer facing, impactful projects and test your theories on the newest technologies and methodologies, while learning from the seasoned pros. Some key features of the program include: 1:1 Mentorship: you’ll be assigned a mentor for the duration of the program to ensure you get off to a flying start and continue to meet your development goals throughout. Tech Speaker Series: you’ll frequently learn about new technologies and trends and meet and learn from some of the most talented technologists in the industry, both internal and external to Discovery. Career Coaching: you’ll receive tailored career advice and guidance from experienced data experts, and leaders who have been where you are, and will share how they have successfully navigated their careers. Global exposure: Most of our teams and products have global impact, meaning often are interns are working on projects that impact multiple markets. This provides you with unique insight into solving problem at scale, the nuances between markets and how we leverage technology to provide seamless and consistent quality across our customer experience globally. Global Network: By the end of the program you’ll have built a global network of talented Engineers, Product Managers, Data Scientists and Analysts, Product Designer, Marketeers and business leaders. You’ll also have an extensive network for peers with whom you will have built great relationships! It’s a small industry and the network you build and the impression you make during the program will be invaluable throughout your career. Long term career prospects: While this is a summer internship, we see this as the start of a long term relationship. Many of our current employees are prior interns and for developers early in their career Discovery DTC offers unparalleled opportunities. From working on unique and exciting projects, to having global impact and gaining international experience. We’ve also built a fantastic culture, that is truly diverse and inclusive, reflected in creativity and innovation across our products and features. And of course, you’ll work with our talented team; our engineers are among the best in the industry and are excited to mentor and develop the next generation of tech talent! What you need to know about the DTC Summer 2021 Program Application Process: Our summer 2021 program is 12 weeks long, commencing June 2nd August 20th. Our internships are paid opportunities. Credit is not required; however, we will provide documentation if necessaryThe application deadline is November 6th. After this date, we cannot guarantee your application will be reviewed for the positionWe do not require a cover letter. Please demonstrate your passion for the position through your resume. Interviewing will take place from October 19th, through November 20th. A Discovery Intern team member will contact you if your experiences and interests match an open internship position. Due to the high volume of applications, we are unable to give individual status updates. ABOUT THE TEAM AND ROLE We're looking for an experienced software developer to join theSkimm's Tech team as a Software Engineer on the Backend team. Our mission is to enable our partners across theSkimm, from Editorial and Audio to Marketing and Advertising, to achieve their goals with the best systems and processes we can offer. We build tools throughout the stack, share knowledge across departments, and learn quickly so we can take best advantage of what's coming. Reporting to the Director of Backend Engineering, you'll be responsible for designing and building our core APIs and infrastructure, which support all our products and services across several platforms. You'll help set the direction of our technical decisions, and lead engineering squads as they develop and refine our systems. You'll collaborate closely with our Frontend, Mobile and Data teams, as well as our Operations, Editorial, and Marketing teams who leverage the data and services you will create. WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR 4 or more years of industry experience building scalable, secure and resilient API endpoints and databases Demonstrated experience with Ruby on Rails or a similar MVC framework Eagerness and ability to learn new technologies / libraries / approaches quickly Ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast paced, collaborative, and high growth environment Facility in presenting and discussing the trade offs in employing different engineering solutions to a problem, valuing pragmatism over idealism WHAT WOULD SET YOU APART Experience with CI/CD techniques and tools, including CircleCI, GitHub Actions, and the related processes that support them Familiarity with key components of the AWS suite of tools (EC2, RDS, S3, CloudFront, Route 53, and others) Familiarity with container architectures Experience in content delivery architectures and related businesses Experience in securing and managing sensitive data and PII Familiarity and enthusiasm for theSkimm: a passion for our audience and mission WHAT WE OFFER Comprehensive insurance plans, commuter benefits and 401(k) starting on your first day Competitive salary & equity packages Flexible vacation policy and generous holiday observances One Medical Membership Gym membership reimbursement Complimentary access to theSkimm's growing suite of membership products The opportunity to be part of a values driven, hardworking and diverse group of people building a membership company that makes it easier to live smarter ABOUT THESKIMM theSkimm is a membership company dedicated to helping female millennials live smarter lives. By seamlessly integrating into our members existing routines, we've become a trusted brand to more than seven million people. We're fundamentally changing the way our members consume news, consider products or services, and take action on important things happening in their lives. Our flagship product, the Daily Skimm, is still the fastest growing email newsletter on the market, and we've grown our product suite to fit into other routines at home, work, and on the go. theSkimm App debuted at #1 in News in iTunes, our podcast "Skimm'd from The Couch" reached #1 in Apple Podcasts within hours of launching, and more than 200,000 people voted with us in the 2018 midterm elections. As theSkimm grows, we're committed to helping our members tackle big decision making moments in life by giving them the information they need to make informed and empowered choices whether that be in civic engagement, finance, career, health, and more. Founded in 2012 by two friends on a couch, we've since grown to over 100 employees based in NYC. We are passionate. We are a TEAM. We work hard, but we know when to take a break to enjoy each other's company. Our products help people live smarter lives and we're building a brand trusted by millions of female millennials across the country. Join us! This is a full time role based in New York, NY. Databases are the beating heart of every business in the world. Cockroach Labs is the creator of CockroachDB, the most highly evolved cloud native, distributed SQL database on the planet that scales fast, survives anything, and thrives anywhere. We created CockroachDB to unshackle teams from the constraints of their database. Join us on our mission to enable every developer to build world changing applications! About the Role CockroachDB helps anyone who needs to scale fast, survive anything, and thrive everywhere. We are looking for backend software engineers who are excited about growing an open source cloud native distributed SQL database to join our database teams. Working closely with other engineers and product managers on both the cloud and database teams, you will be part of a collaborative culture striving to make data easy at global scale. You Will Contribute to the growth of the open source database, CockroachDB. You bring your expertise and commitment to excellence to help build a database that makes data easy for everyone. Develop in Go, but if you don't know it you'll learn while you're here. Improve the performance of CockroachDB. Ensure that CockroachDB remains scalable, survivable, and consistent as we continue to grow as a company. The Expectations In the first month you will join your engineering team and start to learn about our production systems, software development workflow, and the architecture of CockroachDB and CockroachCloud. We believe that it's essential for you to take this first month to become familiar with our technology, company, and our culture. After 3 months you'll be a fully fledged member of your team and comfortable contributing to CockroachDB. You will begin to determine the parts of our product that most interest you and work with your manager to focus your efforts on projects that align with your interests and our goals. As our team grows you will have the opportunity to shape the direction of development for CockroachCloud and CockroachDB. We want our users to have a phenomenal experience using our product and you play a crucial role in making CockroachDB a joy to use. We also offer technical training and experienced mentorship to help you learn and grow into whatever you wish it to be. You Have A passion for working on complex technical products and have exposure to topics such as distributed systems, concurrency control, data replication, file systems, or SQL processing. Comfort using programming languages like Go, C/C++, Java, and Python. An understanding of system design. Experience building collaborative relationships with your colleagues. You enjoy being part of the code review process and partnering with your teammates on challenging problems. 5+ years of relevant experience. A BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience. The Team You will have the opportunity to report to a member of our engineering leadership team based on the project you work on at Cockroach Labs. In addition, you will get to work closely with the senior leadership including: Peter Mattis Co founder and Chief Technology Officer Peter works on a bit of everything, from low level optimization of code to refining the overall design. He was thrust into file systems early in his career at Inktomi and then learned the true meaning of scalability while working on Gmail and Colossus at Google. Before stepping into the office in the morning, he will have nursed his CrossFit addiction and dealt with the chaos of a three kid morning routine. You can set your watch by his daily departure at 4:30 pm to have dinner with his family. Isaac Wong VP of Engineering Isaac is responsible for the health of the engineering organization at Cockroach Labs. He partners closely with teams to ensure we have a balanced culture that promotes quality and innovation in pursuit of our goals. Before joining Cockroach Labs Isaac was in life sciences for 16 years with Medidata Solutions where he had a front row seat on the exciting ride from a 30 person startup to more than 2000 people worldwide. But the lure of distributed, resilient, and consistent SQL databases, along with the amazing technology and culture at Cockroach Labs proved too much. When not working he likes to draw, play the piano, and search NYC for cannoli's with his wife and kids. Our Benefits 100% health insurance coverage (for you and your dependents!) Paid parental leave (with baby bucks) Flex Fridays Flexible time off & flexible hours Education reimbursement Relocation support Cockroach Labs is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer building a diverse and inclusive workforce. If you need additional accommodations to feel comfortable during your interview process, please email us at accessibility@cockroachlabscom. #LI Remote About Stellar Health: Healthcare costs are one of the biggest problems in the United States today. At Stellar Health, we are building a platform that helps Healthcare Providers (doctors and support staff) improve the quality of care they provide while also reducing their costs. In the end, these improvements make patients healthier. Stellar Health's product is actively used by over 100 Medical Groups and we have proven that it makes a real difference for these practices and their patients. As our impact continues to show measurable results, our book of business is growing and the number of end users is growing in parallel. It's an exciting time to join the business: we have a proven product and operating model and are well funded. Our founding team covers a wide range of experience and skills having built multiple best in class technology products in their careers, with deep healthcare knowledge and experience in starting successful companies from the ground up (more about the company at https://stellarhealth). We're hiring Software Engineers! Stellar Health is hiring experienced Software Engineers for our NYC based team. We're a small team, meaning each and every team member has the opportunity to work on features and processes that directly impact a patient's health. As a Software Engineer, you will develop core features of our healthcare platform, write clean code that will scale with our business, and contribute to our collaborative team culture. Our team offers an experienced and mature engineering culture, product development best practices, and an environment where every single engineer has a direct impact on the success of our business. Who will love this job: You thrive off of supporting your peers and teammates; no job is too small for you. You get things done and you love working in a dynamic environment; we move quickly and we need a teammate who will too. You understand, appreciate and enjoy the responsibility and accountability that comes with being assigned high level ownership over projects and their success. You have a knack for explaining technical processes concisely (even to non engineers), and work well with cross functional internal teams. You are looking to learn and grow, knowing that this position will involve a lot of ambiguity to deal with, with the support from the organization to help you navigate it. What you'll do: Own building and delivering big parts of our core product against business needs. Write clear and concise production code for the Stellar Health Platform. Provide effective and constructive feedback by reviewing others' work. Deliver new features by collaborating regularly with our founding team. Set consistent standards for code; testing and fixing bugs throughout the process. Work with our founding team on defining product roadmaps, specifications, and priorities. Gather data insights and build models for product improvements or for internal use. You should have: 2 5 years experience writing production code (required). Experience with Django or other web based frameworks preferred, but not a must. Python experience or experience with other backend languages (Java / C++ / Go / Ruby) and a desire to learn. Some understanding of Javascript fundamentals. Pay, Perks & Such: We offer a full slate of benefits, including competitive salaries, stock options, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverages, flexible vacation and a parental leave program. Diversity is the key to our success. Stellar Health is an equal opportunity employer and we are open to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We believe that diverse teams and the different identities, cultures, and life experiences our team members bring to the table enable us to create amazing products, find creative solutions to interesting problems, and build an inclusive working environment. We encourage everyone to apply to our roles, even if they do not meet every single qualification on a job description, and our team is committed to reviewing every resume submitted. Peloton's Quality Engineering team is looking for experienced, well rounded Software Development Engineer In Test (SDET) to work on our award winning Peloton products Peloton Bike & Peloton Tread. In this role, you will directly take responsibility for the quality of the product and work closely with Software/Hardware developers, Product Management and help teams cultivate a quality mindset, coach and advocate for quality while assisting teams with software testing practices. THE IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL HAVE: 3+ years of hands on experience with test automation Solid understanding of object oriented concepts with any OO languages Solid understanding of GIT Experience working with engineers to collaborate on test automation scenarios Experience interacting with REST API for test data setup or testing Experience working in a CI environment Experience working with cross functional scrum teams Ability to accomplish complex engineering task independently IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL: Implement test tools and frameworks that will help us release with confidence Work with teams to understand test automation gaps and implement coverage Work with teams to make testing an integral part of the software development process Coordinate testing efforts across teams to ensure delivery of high quality features Assist in driving adoption of best practices in testing and maintainability Assist in mentoring and coaching BONUS POINTS IF YOU: Hands on experience with mobile automation tools such as Appium, Espresso Hands on experience with setting up and configuring Jenkins or CircleCI Hands on Visual testing with screen shot test for android Experience interacting with REST API for test reporting ABOUT PELOTON Peloton is the largest interactive fitness platform in the world with a loyal community of more than 26 million Members. The company pioneered connected, technology enabled fitness, and the streaming of immersive, instructor led boutique classes for its Members anytime, anywhere. Peloton makes fitness entertaining, approachable, effective, and convenient, while fostering social connections that encourage its Members to be the best versions of themselves. An innovator at the nexus of fitness, technology, and media, Peloton has reinvented the fitness industry by developing a first of its kind subscription platform that seamlessly combines the best equipment, proprietary networked software, and world class streaming digital fitness and wellness content, creating a product that its Members love. The brand's immersive content is accessible through the Peloton Bike, Peloton Tread, and Peloton App, which allows access to a full slate of fitness classes across disciplines, on any iOS or Android device, Fire TV, Roku, Chromecast and Android TV. Founded in 2012 and headquartered in New York City, Peloton has a growing number of retail showrooms across the US, UK, Canada and Germany. For more information, visit wwwonepeloton.com. Company Description CrossInstall is a high performance mobile app advertising platform that was recently acquired by Twitter. Now part of Twitter, we are looking for a talented generalist software engineer to help us tackle a number of interesting challenges as part of our small but terrific engineering team at the company. Job Description As a full stack engineer on the CrossInstall team, you’ll tackle a number of problems ranging from automating business processes to troubleshooting large scale, high throughput systems. No two days are alike. Our platform serves the needs of hundreds of advertisers by managing many billions of requests and data points a day. You will work directly with internal customers on many kinds of projects and technologies that keep CrossInstal performing reliably. Design, implement and maintain our internal and external dashboards to give data based actionable recommendations to the business team and to our customers Automate some complex processes in a robust and elegant way Evaluate and make recommendations on technologies and tools that will improve the usability, performance and reliability of our platform Be ready to roll up your sleeves and pitch in to help on any other tasks Help mentor more junior engineers Qualifications Who you are You are a well rounded, generalist software engineer, who can tackle any problems that come your way You possess deep knowledge in software development, including full stack design and implementation, You have extensive experience designing and implementing effective automation and integration tests You are passionate about well designed solutions that efficiently automate business processes You enjoy simplifying complex systems and don't shy away from refactoring large codebases. You wish to tackle hard product and engineering challenges while following and championing software engineering best practices You have a keen ability to understand business requirements and design and build the products, tools and processes that will support the current and future needs of our business You are endlessly curious and able to work both collaboratively and independently You have empathy for internal customers and end users; you proactively chase down problems and propose solutions You have great verbal and written communication skills You have the experience and desire to interview and evaluate applicants on a technical and cultural fit level First and foremost, you have an eye for detail, the habit to ask (generally) good questions, the ability to figure things out, the tenacity to go all the way Desired Experience You have hands on experience with Java, Scala or other JVM based languages and solid scripting skills (shell, PHP and/or Python) You have hands on experience building and operating full stack applications, from JS to DB, with extensive knowledge of one or more web frameworks (Symfony, Django, Flask, RoR, ...) and one or more Javascript frameworks (React, Vuejs...) You have hands on experience designing service architecture, and building and operating APIs You have hands on experience with continuous integration and deployment systems with tools such as Jenkins and Ansible You are familiar with some of the technologies in our stack (AWS, MySQL, Kafka, Aerospike, Druid, Redis) Qualifications 7+ years in Generalist / Full Stack software development BS. or higher in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience) Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. About Us Chartbeat's software helps the world’s leading media companies understand, measure, and optimize the attention earned by their content. Our products are used by over 80% of the world’s top publishers, and we measure tens of billions of page views each month and nearly 100 million articles per year. This makes for a deeply rich dataset to collect, transform, and analyze in order to realize our mission of helping quality content thrive. Our Stack Our backend data systems use Python, but key parts of our systems are written in Clojure, Java, C, and Lua. We use a variety of database technologies, including MySQL, MongoDB, Redshift, and Redis. While our front end team spends the bulk of their time building single page web applications in Javascript, React Native and Angular. The Role As a software engineer in test at Chartbeat, you will have the unique opportunity to be the first person to join the engineering team in this role. You will be accountable for testing software and monitoring the health of our deployments in production. The person in this role will be responsible for writing code to build robust, and high quality automation solutions for functional, regression and performance testing. This is a challenging role where you will have the opportunity to learn our system internals, troubleshoot, debug code, automate tasks and implement new tools and processes to lower product defects. About You You are analytical, organized, curious and thrive in ambiguous environments. Some technical skills we are looking for the person coming into this role include: BE in CS or an equivalent combination of technical education and work experience 5+ years of experience as a Test/QA/Automation engineer strongly preferred but will consider exceptional candidates without the experience Must Strong programming abilities: Javascript and Python Must Experience working in a browser environment: HTML, CSS Working knowledge of CI/CD such as Jenkins Familiar with at least one web debugging software (Charles, Postman, etc) Familiar with testing frameworks (such as Cypress) and test terminology Bonus Experience creating test plans and running user acceptance tests Bonus Strong command line skills, shell scripting Bonus Working knowledge of mobile frameworks (iOS/Android) Passion and enthusiasm for learning and teaching new technologies Self motivated and can work independently with little supervision About working at Chartbeat: This is a permanent, full time position with excellent benefits—including flexible hours and generous parental leave. Chartbeat strives to provide comprehensive healthcare options for our employees and to ensure that our healthcare and other benefits are LGBTQ inclusive. You'll be joining a group of focused, hard working, people who are passionate about doing work that's challenging and fun—and who strive to maintain a healthy work/life balance. Chartbeat is committed to building an inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds and everyone is encouraged to apply. Chartbeat is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, age, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state, or local law. We Participate in E Verify The ultimate source for official answers about a business online should be the business itself. However, when consumers ask questions on company websites, too often they are left in the dark with wrong answers. Yext (NYSE: YEXT), the Search Experience Cloud, solves this problem by organizing a business's facts so it can provide official answers to consumer questions — wherever people search. Starting with the company website, then extending across search engines and voice assistants, businesses around the world, like Taco Bell, Marriott, and Jaguar Land Rover—as well as organizations like the US. State Department—trust Yext to radically improve the search experience on their websites and across the entire search ecosystem. The Yext Engineering Team drives the technology behind our revolutionary product offering! We're looking for a Software Engineer 4 to help us continue building out our product and services. Our team works in an agile environment running two week sprints that culminate with demos of features in progress. You will work alongside engineers from the top universities and tech companies in the world, hands on with the code from day one. What You'll Do Participate in full life cycle software development Design, implement, and deploy highly scalable and reliable systems Build storage systems, libraries, and frameworks. Contribute ideas for new features and identify areas for improvement proactively Collaborate effectively across teams, including outside of engineering Write clean, tested, and well documented code What You Have BA/BS in Computer Science, a related field, or a similar college level education 4+ years of industry experience Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms and software design Fluency with Java, C++, Python, or similar (we primarily code in Java) Openness to new technologies and creative solutions Comfortable working within a fast paced high growth startup environment Yext is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, genetics, sex, pregnancy or childbirth, sexual orientation, gender (including gender identity or nonbinary or nonconformity and/or status as a trans individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, marital, parental and/or familial status, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any characteristic protected under applicable law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. #LI JP1 Sema4 is a patient centered health intelligence company founded on the idea that more information, deeper analysis, and increased engagement will improve the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. Sema4 is dedicated to transforming healthcare by building dynamic models of human health and defining optimal, individualized health trajectories, starting in the areas of reproductive health and oncology. Centrellis™, our innovative health intelligence platform, is enabling us to generate a more complete understanding of disease and wellness and to provide science driven solutions to the most pressing medical needs. Sema4 believes that patients should be treated as partners, and that data should be shared for the benefit of all. Product Engineering, alongside clinical and big data, is one of three software disciplines at Sema4. We focus on the software used by patients, healthcare providers, partners, and payers. Our Engineering team located at Union Square seeks a talented and experienced Software Engineer II with proficiency in RoR, JavaScript (React) and MySQL. Our talented team strives for best of class in both communication and collaboration. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop clean, well tested, and high performing code for our customer facing software products using Ruby on Rails Join a cross functional team working with engineers and product managers to iterate on shippable features. Collaborate with geographically distributed development teams. Regularly deploy code and perform pull request code reviews. Improve performance, monitoring, alerting, and security for our services. Ability to rapidly learn new programming languages/frameworks. Ability to work in the fast paced environments. QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s in Computer Science or solid on the job experience 3+ years writing code Highly coachable and can take the vision and direction from our engineering leaders and make it a reality Communicate clearly and often, both verbally and in writing 3 + years’ experience with strong programming experience – Ruby on Rails and Javascript a plus Experience shipping high quality software products (The healthcare tech space requires a standard of quality far higher than of traditional software products. The information we provide to our users affect their lives and thus our passion and processes for high quality software should reflect that) Catch&Release Engineering is looking for a full stack engineer to join our team. You’ll report to the VP of Engineering and be responsible for the frontend and backend code in our system. You’ll be expected to pick up new concepts quickly and will likely make your first commit on your first day. We expect that all our engineers will provide feedback around how we can learn, grow, and make the engineering department continue to get better. What You'll Work On Communicate persuasively with peers to inspire cooperation Mentor, pair, and delegate work to encourage the growth of those around them Use fundamental patterns and provide examples for others to follow Make well reasoned decisions that inspires and energizes others Become intimately familiar with the systems they build and take pride in writing maintainable code Are technical leaders who know how to break down work that others can contribute to confidently Help recruit, interview, and generally make Catch&Release a great home for developers Who You Are You have 3+ years building web applications You use Ruby, Javascript and SQL or are comfortable learning a new language Comfortable in any part of the stack You are known for being a great communicator and use various tactics (pictures, metaphors, storytelling etc) to improve understanding You write tests to improve the design and quality of code You are organized and focused when working toward a goal You show humility when you are right and have the confidence to admit mistakes You are passionate about building products that feel fun and intuitive to use You have been a technical lead on a team that built something you are proud of You have a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or other related field Who We Are At Catch&Release Engineering, we are striving to not do things just because that's how it's been done. We're in, what we consider to be, a lifelong effort to create the best environment that breeds great work. In our engineering day to day, we strive for clear, easy to understand, and maintainable code. We also believe that great engineering is not about a list of things we have to do, but rather it's a way we have to be about the job to achieve great things. Say hello at careers@catchandreleasecom Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Design, Interaction Design, related discipline or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of professional experience in a design firm, interactive design company, agency, or company working on projects. Preferred qualifications: Portfolio of original and breakthrough ideas Smart, bold, and accessible sense of design Expertise in interaction design Extreme attention to detail and consistency. Interest in world changing leaps in technology. Highly organized and ability to balance multiple simultaneous projects About the job The Creative Lab is a small team of designers, writers, programmers, filmmakers, producers and business thinkers whose mission is to remind the world what it is they love about Google. Our job is to make Google’s magic more magical, help advance and invent Google’s future, and to communicate Google’s innovations, intentions and ideals in ways that makes us all immensely proud. Artisan and alchemist. You are a creative whose skillset breaks traditional walls between code and design. You sketch through pictures, motion, and interactive prototypes. You proactively think about the bigger picture idea, and you nimbly grab the right tool for the job — an interactive moving demo, something physical, a fast API hack, or even just a beautifully made film or poster. You are tech savvy, rule breaking and a big thinking designer coder hybrid who will help drive and evolve the Google brand. In this role, you're expected to conceive and execute ideas that will remind the world what it is they love about Google. You are a designer not only obsessed with doing great work, but also someone who's looking to the future, striving for something bigger, and burning to create meaningful impact in billions of people’s lives. Responsibilities Draw from your background, interests, and experiences to conceptualize and execute groundbreaking design or tech focused solutions across a range of mediums, including but not limited to; code, digital, film, experiential, and product. Work closely with writers, filmmakers, programmers, producers, business thinkers, engineers, and outside creative agencies to deliver brilliant work in a fast paced environment. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: The Merchant Banking Division (MBD) invests in corporate equity and debt, real estate equity and debt, and infrastructure related assets and companies. The division operates on a global platform with some of the most cutting edge technology the firm has to offer. We work in a fast paced, exciting environment with individuals with versatile skills and a passion for technology and investing. The Merchant Banking Engineering team collaborates with investing and finance professionals to build tools and analytics supporting all aspects of the Merchant Bank’s investing and lending activities. Your Impact Create high tech systems and analytics, developing innovative software applications to help structure, value, hedge, risk manage the investments and portfolios, and assist processes and reporting RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: Who We Look For We are interested in individuals who have strong analytical and coding skills and a passion to use technology to revolutionize finance. Although the work performed by this team is financial in nature, applicants need not have specific financial knowledge or experience to apply. Fantastic Technologists come first Members of our team are some of the brightest employees in and outside of the firm, consisting of Mathematicians, Statisticians, Physicists, Computer Scientists, and more Responsibilities Develop models and systems for trade booking and risk management Create search tools, tools for workflow management, data collection, analysis, and visualization Produce portfolio management and risk monitoring tools for our investments Develop integrations with external parties and cloud based solution providers Generate tools that work on desktop and mobile devices Work closely with Private Equity, Credit, and Real Estate businesses sitting alongside bankers on the same floor SDLC – allowing for multiple releases during the data, faster product development Have the opportunity to deal with a diverse set of problems – Process automation, Data & document search, Mobile development, Tradable development, Transaction processing, Deal Sourcing using CRM, Data & business intelligence Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Physics, or other related field Meaningful experience with coding and software system design Extensive written and verbal communication skills Programming language agnostic (Java, C++, Python, C#, Angularjs, etc.) Preferred Qualifications Technology: Experience building web based applications or large scale distributed systems, implementing fundamental algorithms, working in different programming languages and databases Tech Full stack development including, but not limited to: Lucene, Elastic Search, React, Qlikview, micro service based architecture, Sybase IQ, Mongo, SQL server, Camunda, etc. Finance: Understanding of market dynamics and conventions, and of different products’ behaviors and specifications. Although the work performed by our team is financial in nature, applicants need not have specific financial knowledge or experience to apply Why Merchant Banking Division Learn from the foremost experts in finance, technology, and mathematics who are diverse in their academic, ethnic, and social backgrounds Experience working at the crossroads of vibrant global capital and risk markets Develop solutions for a global business with real time feedback on the quality of the software product Experience an environment that is committed to learning & open to new ideas – allowing for creative ways to solve new problems Learn new businesses, especially of certain portfolio companies that have a need to integrate with GS systems Be part of a fun loving, collaborative work culture Accept unparalleled responsibility and career opportunity to make a highly visible global impact Collaborate with some of the brightest technologists, to challenge the status quo and push the envelope in technology and finance ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Internship "SQL Database Developer" who has previous mySQL design experience on a Linux platform; the role will involve taking high level design specs and making recommendation's then going forward with the development. The person we are looking for will have a knowledge of database principles and how they apply to the real world. You will be designing and building database systems that are highly available and must be confident within all stages of the Business Intelligence lifecycle from initial requirements analysis, data modelling through to intelligence reporting. Your duties would include: Creating and managing a datawarehouse as well as related ETL processes Analysing, understanding and extracting structured data sources Design and document logical, physical and dimensional data model for a centralised data warehouse Review the data model with functional and technical team and assist developers, BI team and end users to understand the data model Create mySQL code from data model and create database, in close coordination with developers Develop, manage and monitor the ETL process and run related ETL tools Maintain the change log for the data model and ensure that data models and databases are in synch on an ongoing basis Generate basic reports from data model and support the specification, design and development of standard reporting systems for business intelligence We expect you to have this profile: experience working with databases Technology and platform agnostic with strong experience in LAMP Ability to code structured query language, develop script and tune queries Data mapping for Datawarehouse process management Strong communication skills Structured and results minded work style Professionalism and sense of responsibility Excellent English, both written and spoken This is an outstanding opportunity to collaborate with an established development team with extensive opportunity to develop your technical as well as your personal abilities within CoolScout Inc. Please submit your complete application to: HRdepartment@coolscoutcom Our mission is to eliminate passwords in every application. Passwords are an antiquated technique for establishing a person’s identity with a digital service. 80%+ of cyber incidents involve the misuse or mishandling of passwords, it is time for passwords to be replaced by strong security techniques that are usable by an audience that is not technical. ZeroPW was started by Jim Clark (Netscape) and Tom Jermoluk (@Home Networks), who through companies they founded helped catalyze the modern Internet. The existing team’s background is both impressive and diverse, which includes backgrounds in national security, high performance computing, large scale distributed systems as well as consumer and enterprise software. As a Lead Senior Software Engineer you'll use your experience with system design and API development to build out core authentication services on top of our big data architecture . You'll work cross functionally with Product & Engineering, IT and Security teams to build and operate a secure, scalable and performant system that is foundational to our platform vision. The candidate will be result oriented, passionate, a critical and strategic thinker, highly organized, have an ability to multitask and meet deadlines, a team player and team builder, work comfortably in a constantly evolving environment, and demonstrate calmness and composure in times of uncertainty and stress. Are you interested in working with smart people to solve the world's largest security issue? If you are Intellectually curious, confident but not egotistical, value team performance over individual contribution and have experience with venture capital backed tech startups then we want to hear from you! Job Description You will play an integral role developing innovative and highly scalable services to support desktop and mobile applications. Proactively contributing ideas for new features and identifying areas for improvement Collaborating with mobile development and product team members to design, develop, and deploy highly scalable experience APIs and services Deliver on time and be accountable for your team and stakeholders Writing clean, tested, and well documented code Required Qualifications 3+ years professional experience in the design of complex identity systems Experience with distributed systems and microservice architectures Experience with large scale distributed storage and database systems (SQL or NoSQL) Ability to decompose engineering problems and work with a team in solving them Familiarity with authentication protocols (OAUTH2, OIDC, WebAuthN, CTP, U2F, KERBEROS) A plus if you have experience with functional programming Powered by JazzHR UG38KY2sGH ABOUT THE COMPANY Tembo Health is a virtual medical practice that helps patients in nursing homes receive care in hard to access specialties like psychiatry and cardiology. Our mission is to improve healthcare outcomes. The status quo is unacceptable, as our seniors have difficulty receiving specialty care leading to worse healthcare outcomes including re hospitalizations. By partnering with nursing homes, Tembo Health drives quality improvement with our network of world class clinicians. Our technology allows our clinicians to provide both complex and quality care with a seamless user experience integrating medical data from various sources. Our leadership team has deep expertise in clinical medicine, clinical transformation, operations, and technology with experience at top institutions including BCG, GE, Harvard Hospitals, Mount Sinai, Northwell Health, and Oscar. We’re backed by prominent investors including Bloomberg Beta, B Capital Group, and Resolute Ventures. We've proven product market fit over the past two years, have customer traction in NY, TX, and MI, and are scaling upon our success. ABOUT THE ROLE We're building an engineering team to grow our telemedicine platform and succeed at scale. This is a tremendous opportunity to influence the growth of a new team and build novel and impactful solutions in our fast growing company. Responsibilities Build products that enable doctors and nurses to meaningfully improve the quality of care of our patients. Work across engineering, product, and design to identify user needs and ship high quality products. Contribute both to existing applications and develop new ones from scratch. Leverage existing APIs (eg. medical record systems, video conferencing, digital connected devices) to build feature rich applications quickly and efficiently. Design and ship data insight tools for better clinical decision making. Enable data driven decision making Your code will help make us make better decisions in our business, so we can scale our impact on the world and help more people. Leverage internal and external data sources to produce actionable metrics, help us grow our business and maximize our patient impact as quickly as possible. Handle patient private data securely and privately Everything we do must treat patient and partner data according to the highest standards of privacy and security. Integrate those principles into your daily workflow and designs. Success in 30 60 days is: Working collaboratively across eng, product, and design. Understanding outstanding customer needs and designing features to help them. Shipping real code that impacts our users’ daily lives. Contributing to the way we work and our underlying infrastructure. Help support a growing engineering organization! Success after that is: Develop wholesale new applications as needed. Gain experience talking to and iterating with real customers, so that we can help them more effectively. We don’t know what we don’t know, so, you’ll contribute in meaningful ways you identify to the future of the engineering organization and the entire company. ABOUT YOU You love trying new things. You love collaborating with others (both remotely or in person), but can also be productive independently. You care more about getting to the right answer as a team than just “being right.” You love delivering useful real world applications that unlock value for customers. You value security and privacy, and integrate that into everything you do. You will have experience with: Full stack development using a microservices architecture, modern tech stack, and many publicly available cloud/open source tools High growth startup environments Working in a regulated environment such as medical, financial, aviation, government, etc). You are familiar with, or eager to learn, our tech stack: Spring Boot using Kotlin and Java VueJS or React Docker (ECS, Fargate) AWS (including Lambda and other serverless products) Two Sigma is a financial sciences company, combining data analysis, invention, and rigorous inquiry to help solve the toughest challenges in investment management, insurance technology, securities, private equity, and venture capital. Our team of scientists, technologists, and academics looks beyond the traditional to develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most complex economic problems. We are seeking outstanding technologists with advanced mathematical and statistical abilities to join our team. Equal parts code specialists and mathematical problem solvers, our quantitative software engineers bring together technical and analytical expertise to grapple with difficult computational and data related problems directly and implement efficient and innovative solutions. Entailing a sophisticated knowledge of algorithms, statistics, and high performance computing, this effort has attracted ACM programming competition finalists, Top Coder contenders, and other highly technical, competitive problem solvers. Quantitative software engineers are responsible for bringing our wealth of ideas to fruition by: Designing and implementing trading strategies; Building the tools and engines that bring our platforms and models to life! Requirements Include: At a minimum, a bachelor's degree in computer science, applied mathematics, or another technical field from a top university. Strong programming skills utilizing technologies such as numpy, scipy, or scikit learn. Experience with scientific computing and algorithm development. A background or interest in building large scale, real time, and distributed applications is desired. Experience developing high performance, multi threaded applications using several programming languages including C++. Knowledge of scripting languages such as Python. While we analyze the data rich domain of finance, financial experience is not a requirement. You will enjoy the following benefits: Core Benefits: Fully paid medical and dental insurance premiums for employees and dependents, competitive 401k match, employer paid life & disability insurance Perks: Onsite gyms with laundry service, wellness activities, casual dress, snacks, game rooms Learning: Tuition reimbursement, conference and training sponsorship Time Off: Generous vacation and unlimited sick days, competitive paid caregiver leaves We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics. *****LOCAL CANDIDATES TO NYC ONLY***** RAB Lighting is investing in the business and is currently seeking a Jr. DevOps Engineer to join our team to help grow our DevOps practice. We are looking for someone who will help develop and instill the DevOps mindset across the entire team at RAB Lighting. This person will work closely with our development teams to optimize the development process to enable faster workflow by systematically decreasing development cycle time and improving built in quality. You should have a relentless drive to automate everything. Primary Responsibilities Cloud infrastructure, automation, and provision. Monitoring, observability, and metrics gathering. Maintain, update, enhance, and ensure good health of CI processes. Enable Developers for efficiency with the Test Driven process. Skills & Experience Bachelor's degree in CS or equivalent 1+ yr experience working on Public Cloud (AWS/Azure/GCP) Hands on Linux/Sys Admin experience Good knowledge of Python, CI tool (Jenkins) Nice to have Kubernetes, Elastic Kibana, Zabbix exposure Ready to work in Linux & Windows Environment (Mostly Linux) Immense interest in learning new cloud technologies & use them Compensation RAB offers competitive salaries commensurate with experience. Benefits include: insurance (health, dental, vision, disability, life), company match on 401k and Roth IRA plans, tuition reimbursement, parental leave and competitive time off policies. We're serious about finding talented individuals and treating them well. About RAB RAB Lighting is committed to creating high quality, affordable, well designed and energy efficient LED lighting and controls that make it easy for distributors to sell, electricians to install, and end users to save energy. Founded in 1946, RAB has a vibrantly growing infrastructure of manufacturing and engineering capabilities that ensure great product design, quality and customer service. Our Mission Move people. Our Values We are independent. Creative. Gutsy. We aren’t afraid to dream big. We are accountable. To our customers. To our cities. To each other. We are humble. Human. Lighthearted. We take our work seriously, but not ourselves. Mobility is the lifeblood of urban environments and cities need affordable, emissions free transportation options that are free of delays. We believe that shared electric mopeds will become an integral part of transit networks, filling gaps not served by bike share, car share, scooter share, or public transit. Technical Requirements 2+ years of real world experience developing android applications Experience with Kotlin, MVVM, RxJava Experience working on at least 1 app full time, possibly still available in the Play Store Our Tech Stack: Django React Apollo Graph QL Kotlin Swift Non Technical Requirements Highly collaborative and able to work in cross functional teams You are pragmatic and prefer simple solutions. You build for the problem. Product oriented You care about the value we deliver rather than just the tech we build. You like to work in agile(ish) environments You strive towards continuous delivery Are excited to work closely with Product team Description We are looking for exceptional software developers to help us take Fitocracy to the next level. Our team is solving really tough problems all set behind an awesome user experience that needs to scale to millions of users. You must kick ass at Python, Django, and Javascript as well as be biased toward shipping code and product. Since we are a small team, you will work not only on product development but pretty much any other challenge we can throw your way. We are offering a competitive salary and equity ownership. This is for a full time position in New York. And yes, we will help you relocate to the best city on Earth :) What you'll be doing Work closely with the rest of the Fitocracy team and deliver new features using Python, Django, and Javascript Help manage the servers and services we use: AWS, Linux, MySQL, nginx, uwsgi, redis, git, and Celery Communicate constantly with both the team and the Fitocracy community Track user feedback and continuously iterate on it Test, release, and maintain your code Make sure the user experience is consistently awesome Skills & experience You know Python and Django inside and out You can traverse across the web development stack and you're quick to pick up new technologies BS. or higher in CS preferred but what matters most is that you can prove you know what you're doing Significant experience with Linux, MySQL, nginx, AWS, redis, git, Celery, and Javascript. Expect to use/learn these all. Fast at troubleshooting and reacting to issues as they arise You are obsessed with delivering a great user experience Bonus: you really care about health and fitness Interested? Then email us at jobs@fitocracycom. Databases are the beating heart of every business in the world. Cockroach Labs is the creator of CockroachDB, the most highly evolved cloud native, distributed SQL database on the planet that scales fast, survives anything, and thrives anywhere. We created CockroachDB to unshackle teams from the constraints of their database. Join us on our mission to enable every developer to build world changing applications! About the Role CockroachDB helps anyone who needs to scale fast, survive anything, and thrive everywhere. We are looking for backend software engineers who are excited about growing an open source cloud native distributed SQL database to join our database teams. Working closely with other engineers and product managers on both the cloud and database teams, you will be part of a collaborative culture striving to make data easy at global scale. You Will Contribute to the growth of the open source database, CockroachDB. You bring your expertise and commitment to excellence to help build a database that makes data easy for everyone. Develop in Go, but if you don't know it you'll learn while you're here. Improve the performance of CockroachDB. Ensure that CockroachDB remains scalable, survivable, and consistent as we continue to grow as a company. The Expectations In the first month you will join your engineering team and start to learn about our production systems, software development workflow, and the architecture of CockroachDB and CockroachCloud. We believe that it's essential for you to take this first month to become familiar with our technology, company, and our culture. After 3 months you'll be a fully fledged member of your team and comfortable contributing to CockroachDB. You will begin to determine the parts of our product that most interest you and work with your manager to focus your efforts on projects that align with your interests and our goals. As our team grows you will have the opportunity to shape the direction of development for CockroachCloud and CockroachDB. We want our users to have a phenomenal experience using our product and you play a crucial role in making CockroachDB a joy to use. We also offer technical training and experienced mentorship to help you learn and grow into whatever you wish it to be. You Have A passion for working on complex technical products and have exposure to topics such as distributed systems, concurrency control, data replication, file systems, or SQL processing. Comfort using programming languages like Go, C/C++, Java, and Python. An understanding of system design. Experience building collaborative relationships with your colleagues. You enjoy being part of the code review process and partnering with your teammates on challenging problems. 5+ years of relevant experience. A BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience. The Team You will have the opportunity to report to a member of our engineering leadership team based on the project you work on at Cockroach Labs. In addition, you will get to work closely with the senior leadership including: Peter Mattis Co founder and Chief Technology Officer Peter works on a bit of everything, from low level optimization of code to refining the overall design. He was thrust into file systems early in his career at Inktomi and then learned the true meaning of scalability while working on Gmail and Colossus at Google. Before stepping into the office in the morning, he will have nursed his CrossFit addiction and dealt with the chaos of a three kid morning routine. You can set your watch by his daily departure at 4:30 pm to have dinner with his family. Isaac Wong VP of Engineering Isaac is responsible for the health of the engineering organization at Cockroach Labs. He partners closely with teams to ensure we have a balanced culture that promotes quality and innovation in pursuit of our goals. Before joining Cockroach Labs Isaac was in life sciences for 16 years with Medidata Solutions where he had a front row seat on the exciting ride from a 30 person startup to more than 2000 people worldwide. But the lure of distributed, resilient, and consistent SQL databases, along with the amazing technology and culture at Cockroach Labs proved too much. When not working he likes to draw, play the piano, and search NYC for cannoli's with his wife and kids. Our Benefits 100% health insurance coverage (for you and your dependents!) Paid parental leave (with baby bucks) Flex Fridays Flexible time off & flexible hours Education reimbursement Relocation support Cockroach Labs is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer building a diverse and inclusive workforce. If you need additional accommodations to feel comfortable during your interview process, please email us at accessibility@cockroachlabscom. #LI Remote Job description Description About this role At Blackrock, we are looking for Senior Software engineers who are interested in building innovative technology that shapes the financial markets. Folks who like working at the speed of a startup, and tackling some of the world’s most interesting challenges. If you like to innovate and solve complex problems. We recognize that strength comes from diversity, and will embrace your unique skills, curiosity, and passion while giving you the opportunity to grow technically and as an individual. Do you want to work with, and learn from, hands on leaders in technology and finance? We invest and protect over $7 trillion (USD) of assets and have an extraordinary responsibility to our clients all over the world. Our technology empowers millions of investors to save for retirement, pay for college, buy a home and improve their financial well being. Being a technologist at BlackRock means you get the best of both worlds: working for one of the most advanced financial companies and being part of a software development team responsible for next generation technology and solutions. Your team This role will be responsible for all aspects of software development, testing and ensuring compatibility with enterprise and solutions architecture by harnessing modern development technologies. The position is for a Vice President within the Investment Systems and Trading Development team. Investment Systems and Trading is a team within the Aladdin Product Group and are responsible for technology utilized by Researchers, Portfolio Managers, Traders, Risk Managers, Compliance Officers and Investment Operations. The team is looking for an ambitious hands on senior software developer to work on an exciting strategic product to expand our Aladdin Platform and possibly lead a team of few smart technical professionals. Working with a globally distributed team and be a part of an outstanding group of engineers setting, evolving the technology direction of our upcoming suit of applications for Portfolio Management. Passionate about multiple aspects of enterprise software development – Performance, Scale, Resilience, Usability and Maintainability. As a key member of our engineering team, you will be encouraged and empowered to bring your ideas forward to help shape the technical solutions. Making you become a strong member of our globally distributed and diverse team. You also will have the opportunity to present your innovative ideas to leaders across the firm. This position will give you immense exposure and training in some of the latest technologies, such as Angular, Ignite, APIs, gRPC, Proto buffs, Spring, Azure Dev Ops, NodeJS, Cassandra and more. The role will also afford the chance to learn about the financial industry and the exciting world of investing and portfolio management Your Responsibilities Develop and maintain investment functionality used by portfolio managers Help design and build the next generation of the world best investment platform Contribute to an agile development team working with designers, analysts, users and leads Apply quality software engineering practices through all phases of development and into production Collaborate with team members in a multi office, multi country environment. Ensure resilience and stability through quality code reviews, unit, regression and user acceptance testing, dev ops and level two production support. Nurture the talent around you and lead by example. Being at a senior position, people would look up to you and you would be responsible for driving an inclusive and competitive culture in the team. You Have 10+ years hands on experience developing complex enterprise software systems. Strong foundation in Java and related technologies Experience distributed computing technologies (such as Apache Ignite) & scripting languages (such as python). BE. or MS. degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field of study Excellent analytical, problem solving and communication skills An ability to translate real business problems into technical solutions A track record of forging strong relationships and building trusted partnerships through open dialogue and continuous delivery Expertise working with project managers, technical leads and analysts across the SDLC lifecycle; understand systems requirements, design, development, testing, deployment and documentation. You are Passionate about technology, with personal ownership for the work you do Curious and eager to learn new things, and willing to challenge the status quo Willing to embrace work outside of your comfort zone, and open to guidance from others Data and quality focused, with an eye for the details that make great solutions You sometimes make mistakes, but always willing to learn from them Experienced working in either Portfolio Management or Investment Research Management Knowledgeable in Trading, Equity, FI, OTC, Exchange Traded Derivatives, Corporate Actions, Prime Brokerage, Compliance and long/short strategies and cash reinvestment. Nice to have: Some experience or a real interest in finance, investment or portfolio management processes Experience working in an agile development team or on opensource development projects Experience with SQL or Apache Cassandra Database or Apache Ignite. Experience with Cloud platforms like Microsoft Azure Our benefits To help you stay energized, engaged and inspired, we offer a wide range of benefits including a strong retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive healthcare, support for working parents and Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about. About BlackRock BlackRock's purpose is to help more and more people experience financial well being. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of September 30, 2020, the firm managed approximately $781 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit wwwblackrock.com/corporate | Twitter: @blackrock | LinkedIn: wwwlinkedin.com/company/blackrock. BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law. Job requisition # R202284 Come help us build the Carta Investor Experience We're looking for a talented engineer to join our team in the Investor Services business unit. The Company You'll Join At Carta we create owners and make private markets liquid. We live in a world where some people live on the equity stack and enjoy exponential wealth growth and preferential tax treatment; others live on the debt stack and may work their entire lives for a company and retire only with the cash they've managed to save from their paychecks. Our contribution to solving the wealth inequality problem is moving people from the debt stack (payroll) to the equity stack. By making it as easy to issue equity to employees as it is to put them on payroll, we can create more owners. At Carta, we are helpful, transparent, fair, and kind. We are relentless executors, unconventional thinkers, and masters of our craft. To learn more, here is what one of our investors wrote about leading our Series The Team You'll Work With The team you'll join is the Enable team within Investor Services. We're in charge of the first impression our customers have of Carta and setting them up for success down the road. It's a big responsibility and we relish the challenge. It requires curiosity, grit, collaboration, and incisive thinking; and we've got those in spades. Our team nurtures open minded exploration and cares about outcomes over output. We measure success not by features shipped or lines of code written, but rather by the impact we drive for the business. We are Carson, Jeff, Ashley, Julian, Jess, Jun, Mallik, Leo. In our spare time, we're working on setting up a live stream of Momo (Jess's new cat, who makes frequent Zoom appearances). The Problems You'll Solve Our Fund Admin business has grown really quickly, so this year we've taken on big projects to understand and standardize data for the customers we work with. We're solving the problem of accurately modeling the world in our software. We believe this is the key to turning our service business into a product business. We're really excited to start building on top of our new foundation the rest of this year. Some of the problems you'll help us solve are: How do you untangle dependencies and design an extensible architecture that increases development velocity and reduces bugs? How do you model unstructured data and relationships in the venture capital ecosystem to help scale the business into new, more complex markets? How do you design a multi sided platform that fosters collaboration across many user types each with different goals and contexts? The Impact You'll Have If we can solve these problems, we will be setting up our customers, our business, and our industry for long term success. Our customers will see accurate data, understand their accounts, and make better investment decisions. Our onboarding team will be able to spend their time delivering white glove service rather than doing manual data entry. Our business teams will be able to expand into new, more complex markets based on our foundational work. The final result of our efforts will be an accurate graph of the venture capital network. On top of this graph we will build the financial products of the future: instant investment funds, next gen banking products, and a stock exchange. Without this graph capital markets may stay stuck in the middle ages. About You You want to help solve problems that are big and meaty. You have a track record of solving problem in complex business domains. You have led the end to end execution of a product that drove business value. You have mentored more junior engineers. You like untangling messy balls of yarn and dig deep into the business, the users, the product, and the technology to seek understanding. You are an expert at driving clarity for ambiguous problems, and have been an active participant in defining roadmaps and specifications. You reflect and strive to master your craft. You measure yourself by the impact you drive for the business and for the company. You seek to serve our customers, our company, and our team. You like working with a team bound by a common purpose. We are generally targeting applicants who are at a "Senior" or "Staff" level. However, if you have domain expertise in accounting and/or finance and at least a few years of software development experience, we encourage you to apply. The Interview Process We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a positive interview experience for every candidate. If accommodations due to a disability or medical condition are needed, connect with us via email at recruiting@cartacom. As a company, we value fairness, helpfulness, transparency, leadership and build our teams around these values. Check out our careers page to get to know us better as you think about your next step at Carta. Job Title: Web DeveloperLocation: NYC, NYDuration: 6+ months Contract HireRemote due to Covid 19 regulationsNote: Current experience in Banking Investment projects is highly preferredCompany Profile: · Credit Suisse is a leading global wealth manager with strong investment banking capabilities. Founded in 1856 to pioneer the country's railways and economic expansion, Credit Suisse has expanded to be a global force employing over 48,000 people in 50 countries. With new leadership, a new strategy and a streamlined global organization, we serve our clients through five divisions: our Swiss Universal Bank; International Wealth Management; Asia Pacific; Global Markets; and Investment Banking and Capital Markets. These divisions are supported by our Corporate Functions, including technology, operations, risk management, compliance and more. We partner across businesses and regions to create innovative solutions to meet the needs of our clients—and to help our employees grow. We will invest in your development with ongoing opportunities for training, networking and mobility. Join us and let's shape the new Credit Suisse together.· Credit Suisse is a well known for its electronic trading/ algorithmic trading franchise underpinned by the award winning technology developed by Equities IT. Successful candidate will join the team developing a suite of the electronic trading systems.· The role involves developing presentation layer for all trading applications and requires advanced engineering skills in various web technologies.· The candidate will be responsible for crafting, coding and maintaining web applications and related internal system components according to specifications, striving to build visually appealing friendly user interfaceQualifications: · Must be an expert in Web Application Design and Development, up to date standards and frameworks Must have detailed knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, CSS· Understanding of SVG standard and techniques is a must· Must have working knowledge of Nodejs· Must be familiar with both Linux and Windows Some experience with relational databases and SQL Working knowledge of shell scripting, Perl, Python etcJob Type: ContractSalary: $7500 $8500 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftExperience:JavaScript: 5 years (Preferred)Contract Length:5 6 monthsContract Renewal:LikelyFull Time Opportunity:Yes Mobile Engineer Location: Work 100% REMOTE! Salary: Up to 130k base plus strong benefits (see below) Skills: iOS & Android, shipped apps We are a Series C startup which has raised over $50m to date. A great opportunity to work in AI products for the sports/fitness/health industry Top Reasons to Work with UsRapidly growing startup so lots of opportunityStrong benefits packageGreat time to join as we build a new and cutting edge architecture! What You Will Be DoingYou will be responsible for designing, coding, testing and implementing the next generation of our iOS and Android apps. Design, code, test and implement advanced features for our existing apps You will work within a cross functional & highly collaborative team including designers, product managers, data scientists, QA and other engineering professionalsArchitect robust and scalable solutionsWork through the full lifecycle from ideation to shipping the appIdentify and resolve performance issuesEnsure coding standards are followed What You Need for this Position BS in CS (or similar) 3+ years of INDUSTRY experience with mobile engineering Ideally multiple shipped apps at enterprise level Must have experience with both iOS and Android Ideally all the following: Swift, Objective C, Kotlin, Java and C++ What's In It for You Competitive base, 100% paid healthcare/dental/vision premiums for you (and 65% paid for your family), 401k, flexible/unlimited PTO policy, mobile phone reimbursement and more! So, if you are a Mobile Engineer with experience with iOS and Android, please apply today!Applicants must be authorized to work in the US. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. The Challenge: Are you looking for an opportunity to not just develop software, but to build a system that will be used by our warfighters in the field? As a developer, you can solve a problem with a complete end to end solution in a fast paced, agile environment. We’re looking for a developer with the skills needed to build enterprise applications from vision to production ready system. This role is more than just coding. We need a developer who will use their passion to learn new tools and techniques and identify and implement system improvements. Using the Scaled Agile Framework, you’ll work with the development team to build warfighter applications for timeline analysis and command and control. You’ll analyze the needs and the environment to make sure the solution you’re developing considers the current architecture and operating environment as well as future functionality and enhancements. Join us as we build systems to change national security for the better. Empower change with us. You Have:3+ years of experience with languages, including Java, C++, C#, Python, and JavaScript3+ years of experience with data transfer protocols, including SOAP, REST, or other Web protocols1+ years of experience in interfacing software with databases, including Oracle, MS SQL, PostgreSQL, MySQL, or other non SQL databases, such as MongoDB and ElasticSearchSecret clearanceBA or BS degree or 5+ years of experience with software development in lieu of a degree Nice If You Have:Experience with the Agile software development process and tools, including the Atlassian Tool SuitAbility to work independently and in a teamAbility to analyze and solve problemsTS/SCI clearanceCompTIA Security CE+ or other IAT Level II Certification Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required. Build Your Career: A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have access to: experts in virtually every field a culture that focuses on supporting our employees opportunities that provide stability while offering variety You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands on training on the latest tools and tech from our in house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. CapB is a global leader on IT Solutions and Managed Services. Our R&D is focused on providing cutting edge products and solutions across Digital Transformations from Cloud, AI/ML, IOT, Blockchain to MDM/PIM, Supply chain, ERP, CRM, HRMS and Integration solutions. For our growing needs we need consultants who can work with us on salaried or contract basis. We provide industry standard benefits, and an environment for LEARNING & Growth. For one of our going on project we are looking for a Software Engineer Java or C# and oAuth/ OIDC and security. The position is based out of Boston but can be done remote as of now. Must have: Strong technical knowledge of Java or C# Solid understanding of API's. Would be responsible to debug integration issues with FI's Good understanding of oAuth 2 and OIDC to drive security integrations between Akoya and FI's Good knowledge of Financial products Strong communication and problem solving capability Good to have: Good understanding of networking concepts to help set up TLS connectivity, proxy, Firewall, NAT & DNS between Akoya and FI Exposure to Python, Golang, Ruby FDX knowledge a plus Blend helps lenders maximize their digital agility. Our digital lending platform is used by Wells Fargo, US. Bank, and other leading financial institutions to increase customer acquisition, improve productivity, and accelerate the delivery of any banking product across every channel. We process more than $35 billion in mortgages and consumer loans daily, helping millions of consumers get into homes and gain access to the capital they need to lead better lives. One of the most important parts of buying a home is viewing and signing disclosure packages. These documents explain what getting a mortgage entails. Your job would be helping to build a system to deliver these documents to borrowers. Sounds simple right? Well it turns out there it’s more involved than you would think. At a high level there are three main problems to solve in order to issue a package. First, we need to grab the latest data from all the systems we integrate with. This means we need to solve how to keep data from multiple systems in sync. Second, we need to create the package in Blend in such a way that borrower can interact with it. Lastly, we need to track when each borrower views, signs, and completes the package. Now to make it more fun, and we need to build all of the above in a way that any partner can easily plugin to our disclosures solution. These partners could be involved in any of the three problems listed above. As you can see we have a lot to do. How you'll contribute: Building a disclosures platform for partners to integrate into Blend Building one of the first e close solutions Helping Blend fully transition to microservices Who you are: Have experience building platforms and APIs for other developers to use Enjoy building point to point and event based integrations Design systems with resilience and quality top of mind Proactively think about potential failure scenarios and how to handle them properly Bonus Points! Typescript with Nodejs Go Docker Postgres Benefits and Perks: Meaningful equity and a 401(k) plan Comprehensive health benefits A well rounded Wellness Program that covers a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more Lunch, dinner, snacks, and Pizza Fridays On site meditation, yoga, and massage Flexible work schedule, with open vacation policy 4 months of paid parental or personal leave Convenient location, with parking programs, and flexible commuter options Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable law, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Notice at Collection for California Applicants About Route Route is a one click premium shopping experience for online ordering, and the only way to view all of your online orders, from any merchant, in one place. Online shoppers can insure and visually track everything they order online in one centralized app. E commerce merchants from boutique brands to household names can add Route to their website enabling one click solutions for their customers for shipping insurance, visual package tracking, and one click claim handling. With offices in both Silicon Slopes, Utah (HQ) and Santa Monica, California, Route embodies a creative lifestyle partnered with innovative tech to build a one of a kind global brand. About the Role Route is looking for backend software engineers for its package tracking team. These team members are developing next generation technologies that will fundamentally alter the way people visualize their packages while they are enroute. As part of a team whose role is fundamental to the development of Route's product, we're looking for engineers who can learn and contribute with a great deal of independence. We aspire to hire only the best engineers who feel comfortable taking ownership over tasks and collaboratively solving problems. We need our engineers to bring fresh ideas, be excited to take on new problems, and embrace the startup culture where we must be comfortable being uncomfortable at times. Your participation: Design, develop, test, deploy, and improve backend software Manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables Embody a culture of innovation, transparency, and radical candor Minimum qualifications: BS/BA degree in Computer Science Solid understanding of Computer Science fundamentals 5+ years of relevant work experience Experience with one or more general purpose languages, eg. Go, C/C++, Java, C#, or other compiled/semi compiled language Interest and ability to learn other languages as needed Preferred qualifications: Experience with one or more of the following: Big Data Processing Systems, AWS, Machine Learning Go experience a plus Experience contributing to architecture decisions on systems with extreme upward scalability concerns Experience working with carrier API's such as UPS, USPS, FedEx, etc. Must be willing to relocate to Santa Monica, CA or Lehi, UT now or in the near future. Benefits: Route offers an array of benefits including generous salaries, stock options, 100% healthcare coverage, and an unlimited PTO policy. Route is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. Truveris is a digital health company that partners with employers, brokers, and pharmaceutical companies to dramatically improve people’s ability to afford and access prescription drugs. With expertise and technology solutions that span across the prescription drug ecosystem, we deliver the outcomes people and businesses need to thrive. We are on a mission to transform the pharmacy benefit industry and are backed by leading venture capital firms including Canaan Partners, First Round, New Atlantic Ventures, New Leaf Venture Partners, Tribeca Venture Partners and McKesson Ventures. In 2018, Truveris was ranked as one of the fastest growing technology companies in the US. by Deloitte, Crain's, and Inc. POSITION SUMMARY As a Software Engineer, you are a critical resource, working across teams to build and enhance our products. We welcome full stack engineers, passionate backend engineers, and engineers that are enthusiastic about data. We have mid level, senior and tech lead openings. Collaboratively across teams, you will have the opportunity to build creative solutions to business and technical challenges. In this role, you will act as an expert in your domain area and serve as a partner to Product; all the while promoting best practices and mentoring other engineers within your team. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop new products and features using leading edge technology Work closely with our QA team to ensure the operation and correctness of new product features through test driven development (TDD) Provide technical input and knowledge to your scrum team for the planning, design, and requirements process for new products and features Collaborate with other engineers to review code and participate in pair programming Drive architecture for complex products by determining current limitations and coming up with creative solutions Improve the performance, maintainability, and operations of the code base QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in related discipline (Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, etc.) or a combination of education and related experience Strong written and verbal communication skills to easily work across the organization 5+ years of professional coding experience (with 2+ of those years using Python) Strong expertise in using modern python frameworks Knowledge of RDBMS (PostgreSQL, Redshift, etc.) Experience in mentoring less experienced team members Knowledge utilizing Atlassian Suite (Jira/Confluence/BitBucket) Experience with Linux/Unix (know your way around a shell) Experience with AWS preferred Experience with front end frameworks like React preferred Work with big data tools such as Apache Spark preferred Strong refactoring skills Experience in API design Experience in building scalable systems Good understanding of security/access control, high availability, multi threading, and concurrency patterns Ability to work in Scrum/Agile software team Ability to work with a diverse group of people in a collaborative environment Truveris provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. The company is looking for Software Engineer at New York City, NY. Please review the below job details and apply for the complete job descriptionPosition: Software Engineer (.Net)Location: New York City, NYDuration: FulltimeRequired Skills: 2+ years of working experience in ASPNET and C# with deep understanding of .NETWorking knowledge of Javascript and Libraries such Jquery, ExtJS, Vue and/or ReactExcellent experience with SQL coding, performance tuning on stored procedures/functions, indexingFundamental knowledge of .NET platform tools, utilities, and MS Visual StudioGood knowledge of authentication and authorization with security sensitivity in mind when coding applicationsString XML knowledgeWorking knowledge of Web Services, WebAPI, and Service Oriented ArchitectureEducation: 4 years Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related fieldWhy Should Apply?Work with Advance TechnologiesGlobal Financial IndustryDecent SalaryBenefitsBonusJob Type: Full timePay: Up to $90,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingHealth insuranceTuition reimbursementSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:One location Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description The API Engineer collaborates with native developers on their team to build engaging and effective user experiences for Etsy’s native applications. Etsy is seeking an API Engineer to join our Native App Software Engineering team. Our marketplace has an abundance of one of a kind items from independent artists, designers and vintage collectors from around the world. Our challenge? Make it easier for buyers to find these remarkable goods and for creative entrepreneurs to run their businesses. Do you have the skills, passion and empathy to take on this task? Are you excited about building products that thrill our buyers and empower millions of small businesses? About the Team The technical staff at Etsy believe that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture represented by the millions of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our pioneering continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. We primarily write in PHP. Previous experience with PHP is not required as long as you have an interest in learning. Our team has recently launched a feature that leverages augmented reality to help buyers see prints and artwork in their own home, as well as an improved experience for presenting item reviews and policies. Learn more about our engineering philosophies, tools, and some of the challenges we’ve been solving on our Engineering blog: http://codeascraftcom/ About the Role You'll be helping us build high impact products and experiences for people buying and selling with Etsy. You will be contributing primarily in the backend of our web application stack, using technologies like PHP, MySQL, and Memcache. You will be working on a cross functional team that includes product managers, data scientists, data analysts, designers, and other engineers. You are comfortable collaborating closely with product managers and designers, providing estimates or product ideas that will influence your team’s roadmap. Qualifications About You You are an engineer with more than 2 years professional experience in a software/API engineering role or similar Love to, and are able to, learn new systems and technologies. Are interested in monitoring the health and performance of the applications your team owns. Believe automated testing is the way to create great, stable products. Understand the ins and outs of creating an API to be consumed by multiple platforms. Have a “leave it better than you found it” mentality, and are willing to work with and improve on code you did not originally write. Love to experiment and use data to drive decision making. Are generous with your time and experience, and are interested in being a mentor and mentee. Will be a mindful, transparent, and communicative member of your team. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. About the Company Force Therapeutics is changing how patients recover from injury and surgery. Our customers include the largest hospital systems in the US, who use our technology to manage patients' recovery. Our platform is on track to quadruple our customer base in the coming year. In anticipation of this growth, we are looking to scale our capacity and expand our engineering resources. Force Therapeutics is hiring an iOS Engineer to join our growing Engineering team. As our team grows, we aim to hire passionate, dedicated people who believe in our mission and want to join a collaborative and supportive team. We are a group of dynamic people, brought together by our company mission and foundational values. Requirements: 5 years of experience developing, shipping and maintaining native iOS apps Advanced knowledge of Swift and Xcode Deep understanding of UIKit and Storyboard UI design Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc. Experience with Apple Push Notification servic Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle and app releases process Substantial exposure to large and complex code bases, object oriented development and API design Understanding of best practices with integrating RESTful APIs in iOS Solid communication and time management skills Ability to work collaboratively with others to build something great Responsibilities: Lead the development and deployment of features for Force's core iOS applications Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications Work with product management to refine concepts and convey mobile design patterns Continually introduce architectural improvements and refactorings to the codebase Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs Our ideal team member loves: Building delightful mobile user experiences Publishing iOS apps on the App Store Knowing the hows and whys of Git Passion for the huge opportunity of technology to improve Healthcare Bonus Points: Experience with Apple HealthKit and/or building watchOS apps Experience with iOS testing and debugging tools Experience / Understanding with multiple languages (extra points for Objective C and Python) Familiarity with SQL A github account consisting of cool projects BS in Computer Science or closely related technical field Experience with wearables Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design Candidates must have a Bachelor in Computer Science Engineering or related field. • Excellent problem solving skills. • Possess an extremely sound understanding of areas in the basic areas of Computer Science such as Algorithms, Data Structures, Object Oriented Design, Databases. • Be able to write Amazon quality code in an object oriented language preferably in Java in a Linux environment. • Candidate must have good written and oral communication skills, be a fast learner and have the ability to adapt quickly to a fast paced development environment. Amazoncom's Display Advertising team builds and manages systems with extreme high performance and availability. We serve and respond to hundreds of billions of requests annually, and have ambitions to grow that number several orders of magnitude, while maintaining response latencies in the milliseconds and meeting strict SLA requirements. We delight in data, and are constantly trying to enrich our models and make more informed decisions using every bit and byte we have. Our current systems serve our current needs, but we are growing a new business within Amazoncom, and are looking for the sort of hands on leaders and developers who can design and build the systems that will take us into the future. About you: You're looking for a career where you'll be able to build, to deliver, and to impress. You look at problems holistically, and thrive on the intricate complexity of designing feedback loops and ecosystems. You want to work on projects where you are implementing solutions to real problems that require creative solutions and deep understanding of the problem space. You challenge yourself and others to constantly come up with better solutions. This highly visible role requires frequent communication with senior leadership in order to help shape and deliver on the product roadmap, and requires you to nimbly switch between strategic and tactical initiatives to achieve technical, business, and customer experience goals. You'll be given an opportunity to own and drive initiatives through the entire software stack from customer facing features, to algorithmic innovation, all the way down to the datasets that the back end services consume. About us together: We're going to change the way that the advertising world measures, plans, and buys. Along the way, we're going to face seemingly impossible problems. We're going to argue about how to solve them, and we'll work together to find a solution that is superior to each of the proposals we came in with. We'll make tough decisions, but we'll all understand why. We'll be the dream team. The ideal developer for this space will be highly quantitative, have great judgment and passion for building a great customer experience, be inventive, and have a strong track record of delivery. You also have a pragmatic approach and iterative approach to building software: you have an ability to simplify and get things done with a demonstrated track record of building and delivering software and working effectively with external and internal teams. Some problem spaces we'll be working on: AD PLATFORM accessing this data and making decisions across large numbers of potential responses in a matter of milliseconds is a tough problem, and requires complex high scale engineering both online and offline. You may specialize in one area or another, but will need to consider the problem holistically. Today, we are a global operation with infrastructure in North America, Europe and Asia and we are looking to enter India and Brazil. Our platform is hosted in AWS and we serve ads for Mobile (mobile web, Amazon mobile APPs and 3rd Party Mobile Apps) and Desktop Web (both on Amazon owned and operated properties as well as third party sites via Ad Exchanges and Direct relationships). we are looking to continue to rearchitect the platform this year to better enable us to handle the demands of scaling the business enabling both enterprise managed and self service growth in addition to small business self service growth. OPTIMIZATION we have a wealth of data already about the customers we interact with; what they've been shopping for, what they've recently purchased, etc. Couple that with an almost overwhelming amount of real time data and the need to build the best models to predict which signals are likely to have an impact and which aren't. We're building platforms to automate the generation, validation, and publishing of models that incorporate all available data to predict performance against our customers' goals. You’ll need to be both an engineer and scientist – you’ll build the platforms to test and measure your hypotheses, iterate on your designs, and find innovative signals and solutions that fundamentally shift the effectiveness of our systems. EXPERIMENTATION advertisers spend a lot of money to develop their ads, and we want to ensure that those ads will drive the best performance possible. To do so, we need to develop the data, analysis and technical frameworks to enable incredibly precise, highly impactful decisions that directly impact the ad performance. Furthermore, the experimentation framework needs to provide the ability for our internal partners to configure and execute experiments on our algorithms and infrastructure with sufficiently low friction to encourage further experimentation. Questions?: You may already know if you're a fit, but perhaps you're worried about technology and experience requirements? Don't be we're looking for smart, proven, engineers; if you're the right candidate, we're flexible. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field • Equivalent experience to a Bachelor's degree based on 3 years of work experience for every 1 year of education • 2+ years professional experience in software development • Computer Science fundamentals in object oriented design • Computer Science fundamentals in data structures • Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis • Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as Java, Scala, Python Company Description Twitter is what’s happening and what people are talking about right now. For us, life's not about a job, it's about purpose. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we'll do what's right (not what's easy) to serve the public conversation. Job Description Who We Are: Twitter's Discovery teams are dedicated to getting the majority of the world to converse in public using Twitter. We are composed of many teams across the company, including Product, Engineering, Design, and Research. These teams are responsible for understanding the needs of new users and users who are not very active and help them discover the value of Twitter by building personalized products. This mission is to instantly connect people with conversations and audiences most relevant to them. Realizing this goal involves work in building sophisticated distributed systems that will help serve hundreds of millions of users in real time, providing a platform for the rest of the company, and processing large scale data. Qualifications What You’ll Do: You'll work with an awesome team of engineers, product managers, data scientists, researchers, and designers to build the fundamental infrastructure and platform that powers Discovery products. This includes: Architect and build services at a huge scale, but also lead and build new product initiatives on top of the platform. Work directly with engineers, product managers, and designers to build tools and systems that enable them to accomplish outstanding things. Directly impact the lives of every Twitter user. Own specific problems related to Notifications and be given the resources, support, and autonomy to drive solutions. Work and communicate in our collaborative atmosphere. Give and receive feedback to build trust and transparency. Join a team where we #LoveWhereWeWork. Who You Are You have a strong sense of ownership, and a curiosity to understand how things work, even if they take you outside your area of expertise You are not only comfortable with ambiguity but view it as an opening to quickly explore a multitude of options. You have the ability to tackle sophisticated problems, learn quickly, iterate, and persist towards a good solution. You have experience collaborating across multi functional teams including analytics, product management, and operations. You are excited to learn from your amazing peers Requirements BS, MS, or PhD in computer science (or a related field) with 7+ years of combined academic and relevant industry experience Experience with standard software engineering methodology (eg. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation). Strong algorithms and data structures background Proficiency with at least one of the following languages Java, C/C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, or any functional language (we primarily use Scala) Experience with backend infrastructure, distributed systems, performance analysis, and/or large scale data processing Experience with writing tests for production software Experience operating production software in a UNIX/Linux environment Consistent track record of collaborating across multi functional teams including analytics, product management, and operation Bonus: Experience building consumer products (A/B testing, solving user problems) Bonus: Contributions to the open source community Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Konrad Group Konrad Group is a next generation digital consultancy. We are dedicated to solving complex business problems for our global clients with creative and forward thinking solutions. Our employees enjoy a culture built on innovation and a commitment to creating best in class digital products in use by hundreds of millions of consumers around the world. We hire exceptionally smart, analytical, and hard working people who are lifelong learners. Associate Consultant, Intern We're looking for an energetic and dynamic candidate to serve as an Associate Consultant Intern in our New York office. In this multifaceted role you will be collaboration with our Strategy, Project Management, User Experience (UX) Design, and Technology teams. You will support senior team members on our projects as you build up your experience in the role. You enjoy solving complex business problems by creating smart, intuitive, and human centered experiences. You have an excellent eye for detail, you love to learn, and you enjoy new challenges. Technology excites you and you're on top of emerging trends. Responsibilities: Assist in the creation of digital solutions for a variety of clients and verticals Gain expertise as a design and technology thought leader in a number of industries Support the broader team in understanding and interpreting our client's business challenges and goals Collaborate with our Design and Technology teams to deliver elegant user experiences Gather information on our client's business processes, critical success factors, marketplace, and competitive standing through interviews and research Coordinate and participate in user experience design thinking workshops, technology architecture workshops, and project planning and delivery activities Structure presentations, documentation, request for proposal responses, and other collateral Successful candidates will have: Previous experience in consulting, user experience and/or software development is an asset A demonstrable passion for and understanding of great user experiences and technology Excellent writing competency and communication skills A constant desire to learn more about the latest technology trends Strong problem solving ability Self motivated individual with a desire to do his/her best every day Ability to work in a team environment and independently Comfortable with presenting and public speaking is an asset High GPA Bonus Points: Have you taken any courses at BrainStation? Many of our design and technology best practices and processes are taught during our courses make sure to highlight this experience in your cover letter if you have! Konrad Group is committed to maintaining a diverse work environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status will receive consideration for employment. If you have any accessibility requirements or concerns regarding the hiring process or employment with us, please notify us so we can provide suitable accommodation. While we sincerely appreciate all applications, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. The Securities Services Technology Engineering & Architecture team acts as a catalyst for adoption of industry best practices in software delivery. In this role, the successful candidate will work as a subject matter expert on application architecture, hosting platforms such as Cloud Foundry, Kubernetes and AWS, and the JPMC Enterprise Toolchain (JET). Where gaps in platform/tool offerings exist, the candidate will work with partner teams (CIB E&A, CTO, GTI, CTC) to identify and implement solutions. Essential Skills Demonstrated ability and desire to learn and evaluate new technologies Strong development skills in one or more of Java/Python/C#/JavaScript Experience working in a structured Software Delivery Lifecycle, utilizing Continuous Integration/Delivery Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Strong organizational ability, time and project management skills to juggle many priorities Preferred Hands on experience with Kubernetes Strong knowledge of and experience with JET toolchain Experience working with public cloud platforms (AWS/Azure/GCP) JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans K Health is a venture backed, fast growing start up that aims to make healthcare information accessible to the world. Our approach is unique in that we combine doctors, mathematicians, data scientists, data architects, and engineers work together to create a complex, challenging, consumer facing product. K Health is an exciting, accelerating workplace, and there's no better time to join the team than right now. We are building a team of energetic, forward thinking software developers to ensure that our software architecture supports and helps drive the dramatic growth we expect. Responsibilities Developing front end website architecture. Designing and developing APIs. Designing user interactions on web pages. Work closely and cooperatively with product teams to collect requirements, prioritize development efforts, and recommend solutions Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design Design client side and server side architecture Qualifications 3+ years of experience in a software development role Degree in a STEM field and/or demonstrated knowledge of data structures and algorithms Highly proficient in Node / React Competent in SQL (PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, etc.), MongoDb Proficiency in "scripting" language such as Python Experience with Functional Programming and Distributed Systems Strong analytical skills Great verbal and written communication skills This full time role offers competitive compensation; health, dental, and vision insurance; a 401k plan. But our biggest benefit is being part of a low ego, high performing team. We are looking for people who want to be a part of a contemporary startup culture. What gets us out of bed is working with talented people on a mission that matters. Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description About Etsy Product Engineering At Etsy, we believe that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture represented by the artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self motivated teams can do big things. We measure and test our work, take advantage of our pioneering continuous deployment system, and cultivate a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. Learn more about our engineering philosophies, tools, and some of the challenges we’ve been solving on our Engineering blog: http://codeascraftcom/ About The Team The Strategic Discounting team is a newly formed product development squad that is focused on engaging first time buyers to bring them back to Etsy to make their second purchase. Our squad is primarily focused on making it rewarding for buyers to make another purchase by providing promotions through marketing channels, and making it easy to checkout through optimizations to their on site experience. We are a cross functional product development squad consisting of engineers, a product manager, designer, product marketer, data analyst and user researcher. We collaborate closely and learn via data, user interviews, experimentation and iteration so that we can take a holistic approach to improving the new buyer experience. Qualifications About You You have at least 3 years of proven experience and are excited to grow along with the team. You have experience building web applications, using both back end technologies (we use PHP, MySQL, Memcache) and front end (JavaScript) You are comfortable collaborating closely with product managers, providing estimates or product ideas that will influence your team’s roadmap. You have a “leave it better than you found it” mentality, and are willing to work with and improve on code you did not originally write. You love to experiment and use both quantitative and qualitative methods to drive decision making. You enjoy being a mentor and mentee You take pride in owning work from ideation through completion. You are able to work remotely now, but can commit to working out of our office headquarters in Brooklyn, NY. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. Job Details Description THIS POSITION IS RESERVED FOR GRADUATING SENIORS OF THE HACK REACTOR Software Engineering Program Hack Reactor is a program for gifted students of software engineering. In three months, we transform ambitious amateurs to coding professionals. We are the premier advanced immersive program that trains exceptional full stack Software Engineers. Students train 11 hours a day, 6 days a week, over 12 weeks in a curriculum focused on computer science fundamentals and JavaScript. Employees enjoy a fun, collegial startup environment genuinely committed to employee health and wellness, and filled with talented, hard working, and fun people. You will be surrounded by friendly, brilliant, and mission driven professionals who work hard to provide the best student experience of its kind in the world. SEI Residents assist in training the brightest students in the coding industry in Javascript fundamentals and engineering best practices via our Hackers in Residence Program. SEI Residents are student facing members of the team. What You'll Do Specific job responsibilities may differ from resident to resident, but below are some of the most common: Provide technical guidance and instruction to students pertaining to Javascript and CS fundamentals. Support students in whiteboarding and mock interview practice What We're Looking For Software engineer experience, particularly regarding Javascript knowledge and emerging technologies Passion for education and service Skilled and engaging facilitator/lecturer Can do attitude and a sense of humor Willing, humble, and talented teammate Galvanize provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60 135(c) We are looking for a Staff Engineer to join our Glasshouse team in the Financial Engineering mission. The team is responsible for building and maintaining the Financial Data Lake, where business users and data scientists/analysts can go to generate financial reports, run analysis and models, and consume data necessary for evaluating Financial Performance Management. As one of the most senior individual contributors in the product area, you will work as a technical leader across squads, assume technical leadership of projects and champion technical and architectural excellence. You will grow the capabilities of the team by promoting sound engineering practices, facilitating technical strategies and roadmaps, regularly assessing the technical health of teams, and advocating for best practices as it correlates to the Spotify data community. You will embed with specific squads, give focused support and contribute to key projects. You will help ensure that our solutions are scalable, sustainable, and architecturally sound. You are expected to mentor other engineers to support them in their career growth. This is a highly visible and rewarding role with the potential to make an immediate positive impact in an area directly involved in some of Spotify’s top strategic initiatives. We not only provide the foundational core datasets to our users across Finance and the entire company, but also partake in learning and re examining business workflows to improve processes. Who you are You are an experienced technical leader with proven success in fast paced, agile software engineering teams. You have extensive experience in working with financial datasets dealing with compliance and regulatory requirements. You thrive on solving complex problems in an analytical fashion, delivering frequent tactical wins while making progress towards longer term strategic goals. You have extensive architecture and development experience in more than one tier (data, backend, frontend etc.). You are comfortable owning and driving systems all the way from business problems through concept and vision, design, architecture, iterative development and delivery. You have strong coding skills (Java, Scala, Python etc.) and a deep understanding of system design, data structures, and algorithms. You also very much enjoy learning new languages and technologies, in turn bringing the knowledge back to the team. You have extensive experience designing and building both highly reliable traditional back end services & distributed data processing services You have experience building and operating services in cloud environments, preferably GCP You have strong communication skills, an ability to tailor communication style to different audiences, and to exercise good judgment in frequency and nature of communications to different parties (fellow engineers, stakeholders, senior management etc.). You have a solid experience of working cross functionally in an agile development environment. You have an MS in Computer Science (or other related fields) or comparable professional experience. What you’ll do Plan, architect, design, develop, deploy and operate the Financial Data Lake as well as other systems and processes to solve critical business use cases. Assume technical ownership of entire projects, applications and services. Champion technical and architectural excellence. Promote high standards in terms of adherence to best practices. Lead by example in terms of code consistency, performance, robustness, scalability, intuitive APIs and libraries, all of which are core tenets for our solutions. Stay abreast of state of the art technology and engineering developments. Steer towards good tool and technology choices that both fit the problem at hand and aligns with long term visions and roadmaps. Help shape and promote sound engineering practices and software development processes, within and across squads, in an agile, iterative, fail fast environment. Coach and mentor; perform peer code reviews and architectural reviews. Partner with product owners to develop a deep understanding of stakeholder’s business problems, and translate to architectural and technical decisions. Find ways to spread learning across the organization (give internal talks, write on internal blogs, etc)You will be based in You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 271 million users. Software Engineer, Front End What You'll Do We are looking for a Software Engineer (Front End) with the desire to mentor, motivate, and deliver quality code. You’ll work on projects that will allow you to wear many hats and flex both technical development and collaborative, communication skills. Your main responsibility will be the development and implementation of user interfaces for the Brightidea platform. Key Responsibilities: Work closely with other developers to pioneer and evangelize front end technologies Create reusable, scalable, maintainable, and well tested solutions Lead the efforts on establishing best practices and upholding coding standards Mentor and motivate others around you with your passion and expertise Collaborate with product owners and other developers on building high quality, new features for the platform Take initiative and ownership of projects from design to implementation to deployment Juggle multiple responsibilities and projects at once, while still focusing on the top priority at any given time What you need to succeed 5+ years developing and implementing complex web based UIs 1+ years of production experience with React / Redux JS Frameworks Object oriented and functional Javascript experience Experience with build tools such as Webpack, Grunt, etc. Working knowledge of CSS3 (SASS/LESS preferred) and HTML5 with a strong attention to detail, polish, and responsive design Excellent communication skills suited for a highly interactive team environment. Experience with TDD, Agile practices (Scrum, Lean, Kanban), and GitHub. Experience with LAMP / MEAN stack development is a plus Experience with other JS frameworks is a plus (Backbone, Angular, etc.) What Brightidea Offers A chance to impact human creativity Market competitive salary and significant equity in a well funded, growing company Generous vacation and holidays Top notch benefits (healthcare, vision, dental, maternity, paternity, retirement) A unique opportunity to use your leadership skills, experience, and contacts to build a team and shape the culture of the company An incredible team of fun, humble but brilliant co workers Background Helping large companies innovate isn’t easy, but it is vital. Vital to creating new jobs. Vital to igniting growth. Vital to ensuring a safe, healthy and prosperous future of billions around the globe. However, innovation at large companies is a mess. Employees have lots of ideas on how to improve a business, but with no formal process, their suggestions go unheard and they give up trying to make a difference. Corporate innovation labs are expected to support countless different activities to promote innovation but lack the right tools for the job. Executives are seeing disruption everywhere they look and investing millions, but still have no idea where their “next big thing” will come from, or if it will come at all. At Brightidea, we’ve built a platform that’s solving those problems. We’ve been helping corporate R&D teams be more efficient with the 15 Trillion dollars invested annually. Our Team Brightidea’s Engineering team is a diverse group of humble people that love to work together and are constantly trying new things. The team fosters learning and experimenting in an open, collaborative environment. We continuously deliver and believe in the right tool for the job. The workload is a healthy balance of product and engineering driven projects that are usually brainstormed after a rowdy game of foosball or a mouthwatering meal together. We value teamwork and are constantly engaged with our peers within the company to learn and grow personally as well as professionally. Brightidea will never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation or age, marital, or disability status. We believe that everyone has the ability to make a difference and that a diverse team generates more innovation and bigger ideas. Just as our product invites organizations to crowd source innovation across their workforce, Brightidea is inclusive and does not discriminate. We accept everybody. Two Sigma is a financial sciences company, combining data analysis, invention, and rigorous inquiry to help solve the toughest challenges in investment management, insurance technology, securities, private equity, and venture capital. Our team of scientists, technologists, and academics looks beyond the traditional to develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most complex economic problems. In Quantitative Components, we own the systems that drive Two Sigma’s ability to make singularly accurate forecasts in a world of uncertainty. The team builds the core components at the heart of Two Sigma’s forecasting, simulation and optimization. These systems are essential for the success of Two Sigma and touch all parts of the research, modeling and trading environments. Engineers working on Quantitative Components will be directly responsible to our core business and will be expected to understand, build, iterate and expand on the research done by our world class research groups. Our engineers will need to engage with research topics and cover new domains quickly; build deep expertise with Two Sigma data and tools; apply high standards to the code and develop an ability to identify highly impactful projects in a complex and mission critical domain. The ideal candidate is someone with a strong engineering and quantitative background we work at the intersection of engineering and quantitative research. You will take on the following responsibilities: Develop a deep understanding in multiple research domains. Become a technical expert for the systems underpinning these research areas and help evolve these components. Work closely with our research partners to ideate and iterate within new areas of research. Engineers will be expected to be comfortable prototyping implementations, designing new architectures and productionalizing research insights. Perform quantitative analysis to characterize and understand the quantitative impact of their work on Two Sigma’s trading models to drive discussions with researchers, engineers and business leaders. You should possess the following qualifications: Ideally 3+ years of experience in software engineering and quantitative analysis. At a minimum, a bachelor's degree in computer science, applied mathematics, or another technical/quantitative discipline from a top university. Knowledge of more esoteric numeric algorithms and low level performance optimization, statistical methods, convex optimization and finance and market structures are beneficial. Excellent communication skills. You will enjoy the following benefits: Core Benefits: Fully paid medical and dental insurance premiums for employees and dependents, 401k match, employer paid life & disability insurance Perks: Onsite gyms with laundry service, wellness activities, casual dress, snacks, game rooms Learning: Tuition reimbursement, conference and training sponsorship Time Off: Generous vacation, sick days, and paid caregiver leaves We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics. Excellent programming skills in C++ and Python Very comfortable with Object Oriented concepts Knowledge of various database and datastores is a must (SQL, NoSQL) Knowledge of markets is a plus For immediate consideration, please send you resume to: sw_eng___internship_software_engineer___full_stack_e81b729c2us@ivygreenhouse.io Artificial intelligence enabled automation is one of the biggest opportunities of our generation. He。re at TuSimple, it is more than just an opportunity, it is our mission. Led by a group of elite researchers and engineers, we are working tirelessly to bring safe and reliable autonomous trucking to reality. This transformative endeavor can reduce energy consumptions in the trucking industry, make goods and services more affordable and efficient, and eventually, profoundly improve the quality of life of everyone, including you and I. As a Fullstack engineer at TuSimple, you will work on both the back end infrastructure and front end Web UIs of various projects, from our offboard infrastructure services to the onboard system, to bring automation and visualization to the company. Your work will greatly improve the efficiency of the research of our algorithm scientists, and expedite the development of engineering infrastructure projects. Example projects we are working on include: Building pipeline scheduling and execution platform, as well as the corresponding frontend to manage and interact with the platform, to do analysis of our simulations and datasets; Developing on premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services; Building front end Web Interface for engineers and testops to control and monitor the onboard system, that visualize in real time, the perceived surroundings and decided routes of our autonomous driving system; Building web based tools to optimize the labelling of our datasets to greatly increase the efficiency and correctness; What you'll do Discover and optimize performance bottlenecks in existing backend systems, such as database queries, storage solutions, to increase the responsiveness of user queries; Architect, implement and maintain performant and scalable data processing backend systems that can handle tremendous amount of data generated daily; Work with various teams globally, such as prediction, simulation and onboard runtime, to build web based tools to facilitate their development lifecycle; Work with SRE team to identify issues to increase the stability and performance of our private computing service; What you'll bring BS/MS in Computer Science, or related majors Experience with Python or C++ development Experience with modern standard of Javascript development, with frameworks such as Nodejs/npm, Vuejs, reactjs, etc Passionate about discovering drawbacks of existing systems and working with users to improve the experiences; Preferred Experience with 3D Graphics (WebGL, OpenGL, threejs) Experience with web frameworks such as Flask, Django. Experience with cloud services, such as AWS Good understanding of containers, build systems, and infrastructure automation Perks Work with world class AI Engineers Shape the landscape of autonomous driving Competitive salary and benefits Daily breakfast, lunch, and dinner Full Kitchen with unlimited snacks and fruits Weekly team happy hour Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items. For immediate consideration, please send you resume to: sw_eng___internship_software_engineer___full_stack_e81b729c2us@ivygreenhouse.io Twine helps companies like Zapier, Credit Karma, and DollarShaveClub make smarter people decisions like how to predict turnover, build diverse and high performing teams, and compensate fairly. We're hiring a Front End Engineer to build beautiful, useful features and interfaces that transform how users interact with our people analytics product. We'll give you as much opportunity as you can handle. This will be a transformational, career defining choice for you (and for us!) as Twine continues to grow. Your responsibilities. Your focus will be shipping high velocity, high quality features and product improvements that deliver a valuable and delightful user experience. You'll collaborate with engineers and designers (and directly with Twine's founders) to solve complex technical challenges as we deliver against an ambitious product roadmap. You'll work across the full stack (Python, Django, AWS), but focus particularly on on front end features and interfaces that immediately benefit users (React, Redux, D3). What you'll accomplish. In your first week, you'll: Deploy to production with a simple bug fix or UX improvement, and pair program with a Twine engineer to learn how we build software. (In fact, you'll do this on your first day.) Get personally on boarded by Twine's founders and learn more about the company's mission, culture, and values. You'll write a user manual and a Personal Development Plan outlining exactly how you want to grow over the next 6 12 months. Join our weekly sprints and start picking up tasks alongside other engineers that contribute to our product roadmap. In your first month, you'll: Own a small but important feature. You'll build and ship a user facing feature, for example rebuilding our first time user login with a more professional design and UX. Understand our code base and architecture. You'll learn our full stack (from ETL scripts in Airflow, to our Django/React web app, to our AWS/Salt infrastructure), since your projects will require you to interact with all components of our system. In your first three months, you'll: Own an ambitious technical project that immediately impacts our users. Some examples from our roadmap: Building interactive employee visualizations (React/D3) Creating styled consistent components for a new design system (React/CSS) Implementing role based permissions in our web app (Python/Django) Building predictive analytics and alerts (Python/pandas/numpy) In your first year, you'll: Continue to drive product improvements and feature builds. With more experience, you'll pick up bigger and bigger pieces of our product roadmap. You'll learn design patterns and code practices that help you grow as an engineer. Invest in system improvements to maintain product velocity. You'll understand our product, systems, and roadmap well enough to advocate for tools and infrastructure investments that make front end development faster and easier. Look back and see your immense growth. You'll look back after a year at Twine and realize you've grown 10x as fast as you would have anywhere else! What will help you succeed. Experience building modern, complex web applications. You've ideally built and maintained web applications with complex data requirements, and you're very familiar with at least one modern Javascript framework (React, Angular, Vue). Experience working in small, high velocity product teams. You know how to ship product and work in teams that value fast product iteration. You're comfortable weighing trade offs between functionality, quality, and technical debt. Drive, ambition, and grit. You'll join a world class team, including senior engineers and advisors who are founders/CTOs of billion dollar companies. You're inspired to work with great people who push you to learn and grow, and hold you to high standards. You'll have massive ownership and a steep learning curve, picking up new responsibilities as you grow. More about Twine. Our team: Our CEO, Joseph, spent years immersed in people analytics research and helped found an innovation team at Nike that grew 10X in a year. He's also an Inc. 30 Under 30 recipient. Our technology: Our data ingestion pipeline (Python/Airflow) captures people data from recruiting and HR platforms and uses it to create valuable analytics and insights for our users. Our web application is built in Django and React/Redux, and we use D3 for advanced data visualizations. We use AWS infrastructure, and SaltStack to streamline dev ops, scaling, and deployment. Our values: Be intellectually curious and humble. Have an insatiable desire to learn, not to be right. Be a "learn it all," not a know it all. Have strong convictions, but listen to and learn from others. Believe in exceptional outcomes. Believe that ordinary people can do incredible things with the right attitude and will. Be positive, inspiring, and optimistic. (At the same time, acknowledge the demanding work ethic and drive required for success.) Get it done. Focus on rapid learning and execution, and be willing to roll up your sleeves and contribute any way possible. Be indomitably resourceful, drive through obstacles, and deliver on goals. Help others be great. Treat your teammates, customers, and partners with respect and kindness. Have positive impact on others in all interactions. If the role isn't an exact fit but you're interested in learning more (we're hiring across the stack), send us a thoughtful note! jobs@twinelabscom Working as a coder at Hudson River Trading (HRT) means working on a small, highly productive and efficient team. We know you see "Trading" in our name and assume you'll be relegated to some dark corner to code for the "business" but this impression is entirely wrong. At HRT, a fully automated trading firm based in NYC, the code you write *is* our business, so it is everyone's job, top to bottom, to make sure our core dev team has everything they need to do their jobs well. We are looking for smart programmers who love to code, like being challenged, hate to climb corporate ladders, and don't mind the added bonus of having hard work rewarded through recognition and extremely competitive compensation. At HRT, coders are integral to the success of our trading, and they know it. You can always expect to be challenged by the ever changing financial markets, and find yourself working on critical software in an extremely fast paced, real time environment. As a Core Developer, you will step into an incredible learning opportunity; HRT's distributed system is on the Pareto frontier of latency and throughput. You'll develop deep knowledge of C++ written with the latest standards, OS internals, CPU architecture, and networking hardware and protocols. And you will be surrounded by amazing developers who are honing their skills every day. You'll be amazed at what you accomplish. The Skills: Excellent design, debugging and problem solving skills C++ experience is required, daily use (of most recent standards) preferred Knowledge of UNIX operating systems (we use Linux), system/processor performance, and network communication The Profile: In your spare time you: code, tinker, read, explore, break things, and have an insatiable curiosity for all things computer related... you'll find like minded people here. You possess a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field You are capable of working independently as well as part of a team You can analyze and fix problems quickly Can look at code, figure out how it works, and how to make it better Can describe software designs at a high level (the abstract interface), low level (step by step algorithm), or anywhere in between You really like to work with people who challenge you and make you better at what you do Culture Hudson River Trading (HRT) brings a scientific approach to trading financial products. We have built one of the world's most sophisticated computing environments for research and development. Our researchers are at the forefront of innovation in the world of algorithmic trading. At HRT we come from all sorts of backgrounds: mathematics, computer science, statistics, physics, and engineering. We're a community of self starters who are motivated by the excitement of being at the cutting edge of automated trading. Our culture celebrates great ideas whether they come from HRT veterans or new hires. At HRT we're friends and colleagues, whether we are sharing a meal, playing the latest board game, or writing elegant code. We embrace a culture of togetherness that extends far beyond the walls of our office. Seem like something you might be interested in? Our goal is to find the best people and bring them together to do great work in a place where everyone is valued. HRT is proud of our diverse staff; we have offices all over the globe and benefit from our varied and unique perspectives. HRT is an equal opportunity employer; so whoever you are we'd love to get to know you. Software Engineer nodeJS 75629 Technology and Engineering USA New York, New York Nielsen Sports Software Development Engineer nodeJS Nielsen/Gracenote Sports is the premier provider of analytics and insights within the growing sports industry, offering the most reliable source of independent and holistic market data in the industry and the most complete view of consumer trends and habits worldwide. Combining solutions from sponsorship effectiveness to fan data capabilities with Nielsen’s understanding of consumer behavior and media consumption means Nielsen Sports is uniquely positioned to help businesses maximize their commercial success. We are looking for a passionate engineer to help drive our effort in working on gaining insight into sports fans. Working closely with product and engineering teams, you will help drive and develop critical solutions for Nielsen clients that will help expand our footprint in the brand detection space. RESPONSIBILITIES: Develop and maintain software components of the Nielsen Fan Insights platform Collaborate with peers on technical design, work estimation, and implementation of new features Create appropriate unit tests Perform code reviews as needed System troubleshooting and problem solving across the platform Suggest and implement best practices and architecture improvements Collaborate with technical program managers, product managers, and other engineers on feature definition and scoping QUALIFICATIONS: 3 5 years of development experience (NodeJS preferred) BS or MS in a STEM field, or equivalent work experience Knowledge of DB technologies, (MySQL or equivalent) Familiarity with Web Services and network standards (eg. DNS, HTTP, REST, API Gateways, OAuth) Cloud based development experience (AWS is preferred) Experience with Kubernetes Experience with working with geographically dispersed teams Great communication skills #LI MF1 ABOUT NIELSEN As the arbiter of truth, Nielsen Global Media fuels the media industry with unbiased, reliable data about what people watch and listen to. To discover what’s true, we measure across all channels and platforms⁠—from podcasts to streaming TV to social media. And when companies and advertisers are armed with the truth, they have a deeper understanding of their audiences and can accelerate growth. Do you want to move the industry forward with Nielsen? Our people are the driving force. Your thoughts, ideas and expertise can propel us forward. Whether you have fresh thinking around maximizing a new technology or you see a gap in the market, we are here to listen and take action. Our team is made strong by a diversity of thoughts, experiences, skills, and backgrounds. You’ll enjoy working with smart, fun, curious colleagues, who are passionate about their work. Come be part of a team that motivates you to do your best work! Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Job Type: Regular Primary Location: New York,New York Secondary Locations: , , , Travel: No About Datadog: We're on a mission to build the best platform in the world for engineers to understand and scale their systems, applications, and teams. We operate at high scale—trillions of data points per day—providing always on alerting, metrics visualization, logs, and application tracing for tens of thousands of companies. Our engineering culture values pragmatism, honesty, and simplicity to solve hard problems the right way. The team: The Query team is responsible for the query API that sits on top of the event platform. It allows our frontend and public API to run complex queries on our event data. At its core, we have an engine that parses, plans, and distributes these queries, and then aggregates these into final results. The team is responsible for the evolution of these production systems to allow for more powerful queries that run across distributed storage layers. The opportunity: As a Software Engineer for the Query team, you will be responsible for contributing to the technical vision for how we query the data. You will operate the query engine inside the event platform, as well as build distributed, high throughput and low latency systems with a strong focus on availability, resilience and durability. Working closely with our product managers, you will build new features and scale our systems to keep up with the demands of our growing business. You will: Code (Go and Java) new and existing services to scale out our events platform pipelines Contribute to the design of the query API architecture and surrounding systems Debug and solve challenging cross systems issues in production Help improve our engineering tooling and practices Requirements: You have been building applications for 2+ years and know the systems you've worked on from top to bottom You have backend programming experience You have architected, built, and operated distributed systems to solve problems at high scale You have a BS/MS/PhD in a scientific field or equivalent experience You want to work in a fast paced, high growth startup environment that respects its engineers and customers Bonus points: You've worked at high scale with systems like Akka, Redis or Kafka You've written your own data pipelines before You have a strong background in statistics You have significant experience with Go or a JVM based language Equal Opportunity at Datadog: Datadog is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Your Privacy: For more information on how we maintain the privacy of the information you submit as part of your application, please refer to our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice. Nanotronics is looking for a smart and hard working Mechanical Automation Engineer to join our Engineering team in the development of the world’s most technologically advanced nanoimaging solutions. The Mechanical Automation Engineer will be responsible for providing mechanical design, analysis and prototype development of automated optical inspection systems. Key ResponsibilitiesOriginate, design and develop next generation mechanical designsSupport current generation hardwareCoordinate with sales, marketing and manufacturing on all aspects of engineering projectsSource components and manage the assembly of new or prototyped systemsCreate and maintain bills of materials (BOM), shop drawings, and assembly drawingsEnsure all work is completed on time and within scheduled targets Knowledge, Skills and AbilitiesBasic understanding of the ISO 9001 Quality SystemDetailed oriented, creative and self motivatedStrong verbal and written communications skills Education and ExperienceBachelor's Degree (Preferred)1 5 years of work related experienceExperience with product design of precision mechanical & optical systemsDesigning mechanisms & actuators for automated machineryFamiliar with rotary stepper & linear servo mechanicsMust have experience with SolidWorks & MS OfficeExperience with SolidWorks PDM is a plus Work Environment Position based in our Brooklyn, NY office. What is a Nanotron? Nanotronics is a science technology company that has redefined factory control through the invention of a platform that combines AI, automation and sophisticated imagining to assist human ingenuity in detecting flaws and anomalies in manufacturing, an industry that has been stagnant since the 1950’s. Deployed across eight countries and industry agnostic, we work with leading edge companies from aerospace, to electronics, to healthcare to drive up yield, reduce footprint and waste, lower costs, and speed up design iteration. We are an intellectually curious group of motivated and passionate innovators, bringing together the brightest minds in physics, optics, robotics, artificial intelligence, and software engineering as we work to lay the foundation for the 4th Industrial Revolution. Armed with visionary leadership and strong financial backing, we foster an environment of both entrepreneurship and accountability. Our mission drives our purpose in striving toward excellence. YOU’LL MAKE A GREAT NANOTRON IFYou are passionate about science and engineeringYou are looking for a challengeYou collaborate well with othersYou want to help build the factory of the future WHAT WE OFFERLunch & LearnsCasual work environmentDirect exposure to C level managementInteresting and challenging projects that truly make an impact at the company Nanotronics is an equal opportunity employer. Nemedio is reinventing the way that medical devices are brought to market. We provide software, hardware and quality tools that companies can use as a foundation to jumpstart their advanced medical device development process. We also provide engineering and regulatory support to customers to help create their device, and to integrate with our tool suite. As a Front End Software Engineer at Nemedio you will join an experienced team tasked with tackling a wide range of problems. As a front end software engineer you will be responsible for the development of scalable web apps to fit our growing needs as a business and application. You will operate across the entire product, interact with each functional arm of the company and be able to provide a significant impact to a growing company across the board. Job Responsibilities: Plan and develop technical changes across our React application and how it interacts with the rest of the stack Coordinate with design and product teams to ensure the right implementation is put into place Be a force for ensuring best engineering practices Always be looking to learn and grow while helping the team approach new challenges in the best way possible Qualifications: Interest in medical devices, robotics, and physical device design 3+ years of React experience with in depth knowledge of: Javascript/ES5+ Modern HTML and CSS best practices Module packaging software (Yarn, NPM, etc) Front end testing (capybara, cucumber, testcafe, etc) Experience working with Ruby on Rails or equivalent OO framework Experience working with standard API technologies (REST, GraphQL) Collaborates easily with product and design during the planning and development process Has a testing mindset and views testing as a required practice in the SDLC Knowledge of web security best practices and how they relate to web applications Experience working in an agile environment The D. E. Shaw group’s summer doctoral internship program exposes talented PhD. candidates to the projects and environment associated with full time work in quantitative analysis and software development at the firm. PhD. interns interact with fellow interns and employees of similar academic backgrounds while discovering how the analytical skills gained from their graduate programs may relate to the work done here. Throughout the internship, PhD. candidates are encouraged to attend our academic speaker series and track academic progress in various areas that may be of interest. What We’re Up To SEMnexus is a performance driven digital marketing agency that works with a wide range of startups and big brands to drive successful marketing campaigns. Our goal is to help startups, small or large, build and scale their business. With our team of SEO experts, digital marketing specialists, and paid ad experts, we are New Yorks hottest new digital marketing agency, and we want you to join us! Roles & Responsibilities Aid in web development of SEM Nexus and its clients Analyze and audit client websites to ensure they are ready to rank Bring new ideas to the table Assist our SEO experts in manipulating the Google search engine The Ideal Candidate Has used Wordpess Knows their way around a spreadsheet Is a technical person Understands good grammar C++ Developer Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team! Interactive Brokers has been at the forefront of the Fintech space for over 40 years and we pride ourselves on being a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers. You will be part of: The Brokerage System Development Team that is responsible for providing trading and related backend systems used in Brokerage business You will be someone who can: Design, implement and deliver high quality software solutions that conform to architectural standards Manage and 'own' significant development tasks end to end (from business requirements analysis to 3rd level production support) Demonstrate excellent collaboration / communication skills in working closely with other development teams to roll out important changes and applications Who you are : Bachelor's in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or similar (masters/PhD a plus). Experience of at least 3 years in software development in C++, Object Oriented Programming, Networking, STL In depth understanding of OOP, design patterns, data structures, algorithms, and concurrency Proficiency in Linux / UNIX / shell scripting. Knowledge developing and debugging in C/C++ and Java Technically oriented, proactive, and enthusiastic, with extreme attention to detail. English written/verbal communication skills. Company Perks: Competitive salary, annual performance based bonuses, and annual stock grants. Daily company paid lunch. 401k with company match. Excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits. Newly renovated offices with sit/stand desks and multi monitor setups. Team outings and dinners. Education reimbursement and learning opportunities. Company Overview Interactive Brokers ("IBKR"), a subsidiary of publicly traded Interactive Brokers Group, Inc., based in Greenwich, Connecticut (NASDAQ: IBKR) is a low cost provider of trade execution and clearing services for active traders, institutional investors, financial advisors and introducing brokers. IBKR's premier technology provides electronic access to stocks, options, futures, forex, bonds, and funds worldwide from a single IBKR Integrated Investment account. IBKR is one of the largest online brokers by trade volume and is consistently ranked at the top of its field. Our employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast paced, results oriented team working to provide our customers with state of the art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools. Our headquarters are in Greenwich, CT, USA. IBKR has offices in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Estonia, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg,Russia, Singapore, Switzerland and United Kingdom. IBKR is a member of NYSE, FINRA, and SIPC. Interactive Brokers Group brokerage affiliates are regulated by securities and commodities agencies around the world. Click HERE to view a short video with a few words from current Interactive Brokers employees. (If the hyperlink is not active, copy and paste the following URL in your browser: https://wwwinteractivebrokers.com/en/indexphp?f=31899) For more information, please visit wwwibkr.com/info element^n is seeking talented and professional Web Developers. Working in a team environment with Web Interaction Developers, Web Developers are responsible for the development of all client and server side aspects of web applications, including integration with client backend systems. Web Developers are in direct contact with the needs of the customer and deliver highly tailored and visible solutions. As a Web Developer you will: Work with our cross functional teams of analysts, developers and graphic designers to translate business objectives into technical and integration specifications Produce standards compliant client side code for projects with HTML, CSS & JavaScript Develop server side Java code which integrates with the backend systems of our clients Deploy, monitor and support application code on production systems Assist QA staff with unit and integration testing of core application and components Actively contribute status and estimates in the daily agile project management (SCRUM) meetings Ensure that our web deliveries remain at the bleeding edge of digital design by remaining up to date on web trends and technologies We are currently recruiting for junior and senior experience levels. We are looking for the following base skills and experience: 1+ years experience as a web developer working hands on with HTML, JavaScript, & CSS. Excellent knowledge of web application concepts, including the request/response lifecycle, session management and web application security issues (XSS & XSRF attacks, cookie security, etc). Java web application experience is preferred but solid experience with other server side technologies such as PHP will be considered. A passion for web trends, technologies and design Excellent organizational skills, with the ability to handle multiple assignments, prioritize, and ensure that all deadlines are met A proactive nature with resourcefulness to identify challenges and propose solutions Fluent written and spoken English and Arabic Listen to others and accepts input from team members, displaying a positive attitude and flexibility in day to day work Set high standards for own performance and appreciate each team member’s contribution to the project Flexibility to work with the client’s ideas and to create output according to the client specifications Ability to work under tight deadlines and changing demands Senior candidates will have: 3+ years experience innovating with web technologies Experience with Web 20 techniques and tools such as cross domain AJAX, JSON, JQuery, Dojo, Sencha/ExtJS, and Flex or other “Rich Client” toolkits is a plus Advanced experience backend development experince with Java (servlet container management, web services, RMI, distributed caching, etc) Unix scripting experience Experience with social networking APIs and design trends, such as integrating the Facebook Connect or OpenSocial APIs, is highly desirable. Experience with web performance concepts including Javascript compression, caching strategies, CDN usage and browser tweaks is also desirable. 1. Job Description Will work in a 24x7 Operation Center environment performing a wide variety of tasks to include: 1. Problem troubleshooting and resolution, including interaction with local contacts, carriers, vendors, and various KDDI America and other KDDI global departments for the services which KDDI America provides: Cloud Service Data Center Management Managed Services SD WAN Service NYIIX Service Other IT environment 2. System design, configuration and change management for above services and their operation systems. 3. Process work orders and tickets utilizing our property ticketing and monitoring systems, meet all pre determined SLA&#39;s for response time. 4. Provide periodic updates to customers and various internal departments. 5. Resolve critical system issues on a 24x7 basis, including notification, coordination and dispatch of individuals from various functional groups and providers. 6. Monitor the status and performance of services and facilities of KDDIA and customer. 7. Handing remote hand requests from related parties. 8. Perform site inspection of equipment. 9. Some travel within the NY area may be required. 10. Manage and lead above works as an escalation engineer, and also to discuss and conclude with customers or related parties about new or improvement activities when needed. 11. Any other operation related matter requested by supervisor. 2. Qualification / Requirement 1. Has understanding of Networking/IT infrastructure/cloud system. 2. Strong written and verbal communication skills. 3. Hard worker and self motivator with the ability to work under fast paced and stressful environment at times 4. Ability to articulate issues clearly and concisely, prioritize, and provide resolution or escalate accordingly. 5. Willing to learn and develop new skills. 6. Cooperate with team mates and other departments. 7. Always think “Customer first”. 8. Cloud/Server/Network technical certificate or equivalent work experience is required. 9. Cloud engineering experience is preferred. 3. Working hours 9:00 17:00 (Monday Friday) and on call 24x7 dispatch when requested. Benefits Medical & Dental & Vision Basic Life Insurance and AD&D Short Term Disability Insurance Flexible Spending Account (FSA) Employee 401 (K) Savings Plan Vacation Time 1st year Ten (10) days Prorated 2nd year (12) days 3rd year (14) days 4th year (16) days 5th year (18) days 6th and after (20) twenty days Thirteen Paid Holidays per year Sick Time Tuition Reimbursement Program KDDI America, headquartered in New York, is the US presence of Japan's KDDI Group, a Fortune Global 500 company and leading provider of international IT and communications services. KDDI America was established in 1989 and started as a telecommunications business supporting Japanese multinationals. We have now evolved into a company that provides networks, data centers, system integration, as well as managed service solutions across all industries. Our ability to customize solutions in a major city offering scalability and service that are unparalleled set KDDI America apart from the competition. We provide Ethernet network uptimes of more than 99999% between regions and guaranteed high performance no matter where. For more information on the information we collect about our applicants and how we use it, see our Privacy Notice at https://uskddi.com/privacypolicy/ Analyze, design, develop, test and implement software applications using Visual Basic, ASP, VBNet, ASPNet, C#, HTML/DHTML, IIS, MTS, COM/DCOM, Visual Studio, Java Script, XML/XSL, Web Services and Visual Source Safe. Develops and directs software system testing procedures, programming and documentation. Coordinate and guide installation of software systems. MasterÂ’s Degree and one years experience in job in I T. 40hrs/week. Send Resume to: Excellent Business Consultants Inc., 1975 Washington Ave., Seaford, NY 11783 At Backstage, we're focused on providing the best career platform and marketplace to match performing artists (actors, models, dancers and musicians) with talent seekers. We are open to remote candidates in North America, South America, and the Western European time zone. The Gig: Backstagecom is looking for a product focused software engineer who will keep user needs at the forefront of all development. You will have the opportunity to work on cutting edge technology and new product development in an established company that is rapidly growing. This is a great opportunity for an engineer looking to expand their well established career, who is excited about search, solving complex problems, ownership and who enjoys working with technologies like Elasticsearch, AWS, Django. About You: You should have played a significant role in the creation and maintenance of a large scale public facing website and have extensive experience with Python. You should also be comfortable with the entire development life cycle (inception to release) in an Agile environment. You should should take great pleasure in creation and problem solving through healthy debate. You should be comfortable working alone and with a team. Your peers should look to you as an example, and you should be comfortable mentoring others. You know about PEP8; however, you also know how to be reasonable about it. You are passionate about writing eloquent code and take pride in your craft. Responsibilities: Participate in architectural, design and product sessions Develop innovative solutions based on product initiatives and business challenges in Python Ensure all Python and Javascript code is suitable for automated unit testing Interact with different stakeholders to gather feedback and clarification Research and apply new technologies and best practices Design and create efficient RESTful endpoints for both internal and public consumption Provide task estimations and deliver quality code on time Own and manage multiple data sources (MySQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch) Requirements: Solid web developer with at least 4 years of Django experience (or similar frameworks) 2 5 years of Python experience 3+ years experience with database design and maintenance (MySQL) 2+ years professional experience with the AWS ecosystem or similar cloud based provider developing scalable websites/services Exposure to front end MVC frameworks such as Backbone/React/Angular (we use React) Hands on experience developing, releasing, and maintaining large scale software applications (web/mobile) Must be a self starter and enjoy working in a team with other passionate professionals Backstage, LLC, is the leading platform in creative talent placement. We are currently composed of two brands: Backstagecom, for actors; and Sonicbidscom, for musicians with plans to launch additional verticals organically and through acquisition. Nowhere else will you find the same combination of startup energy and entertainment industry creativity atop the solid foundation of an established but small and fast growing business with decades of success in our industry. We are a close knit, agile team that is disrupting the creative talent placement industry through technical innovation, product design and a solid business model. At the heart of our success and growth resides a group of hardcore technologists, writers, marketers, and product designers who share a tight bond and believe that collaboration creates a better experience for our users. We offer benefits including health insurance (vision and dental available), 401K, and tickets/tuition for select conferences/courses. The Company: At Impact our culture is our soul. We are passionate about our people, our technology, and are obsessed with customer success. Working together enables us to grow rapidly, win, and serve the largest brands in the world. We use cutting edge technology to solve real world problems for our clients and continue to pull ahead of the pack as the leading SaaS platform for businesses to automate their partnerships and grow their revenue like never before. We have an entrepreneurial spirit and a culture where ambition and curiosity is rewarded. If you are looking to join a team where your opinion is valued, your contributions are noticed, and enjoy working with fun and talented people from all over the world..then this is the place for you. Impact is the global leader in Partnership Automation. We work with enterprise and innovative brands like Ticketmaster, Levi's, Microsoft, Airbnb, and Uber to help them manage all different types of partnerships. From social influencers, B2B, strategic partners, publishers, and traditional affiliates, we have them covered. Our combined suite of products covers the full life partnership lifecycle including onboarding, tracking ads and paying partners, recruiting for new partners, data and marketing intelligence, and protection from fraud. Founded in 2008 by the same team that founded Commission Junction, Impact has grown to over 500 employees and ten offices across the United States, Europe, Africa, and Asia. Why this role is exciting: Move incredibly fast with continuous deployment to build our vibrant marketplace that processes millions of dollars in transactions. Help small business owners (influencers) connect with brands to deliver authentic marketing. Build data rich integrations with all the social networks and with other B2B SaaS tools. Does this sound like you? Hard working, passionate & dedicated. Creative, enthusiastic and fun, with attention to detail. A very fast learner who loves solving problems. A great communicator who enjoys working with other smart people What you will be doing: Building beautiful and intuitive user experiences in reactjs. Creating powerful APIs in PHP to deliver innovative features. Integrating with many different 3rd party APIs including, google, amazon & facebook. Participating in the full product lifecycle, including ideation, prioritization, coding & testing. Building algorithms on top of massive datasets to streamline user workflows. Learning new technology and teaching your peers everything you know! Benefits/Perks: Medical, Dental and Vision insurance Unlimited PTO Flexible work hours Weekly catered lunches, a healthy snack bar, and phenomenal coffee to keep you fueled Flexible spending accounts and 401(k) An employee led culture team that plans our happy hours, parties and other events to celebrate our many successes. An established company with a cool, high velocity work ethos, where each person can make a difference! ___________________________________________________________________________________ We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Grow with the company; We offer significant, competitive equity to early engineers Salary: $130,00000 $180,00000 per year Benefits: 100% contribution to healthcare, dental, and vision coverage for employees and 90% for dependents. Core also provides a 401k! Self Referral Bonus: For direct applicants that end up joining our team, we will also pay a self referral bonus of $4000. Referral Bonuses: Know someone that might be a great fit for this role? Core is grateful for introductions and will pay a two sided referral bonus: $3000 each to both you and your friend if we end up hiring them for the role. Core The fitness industry is moving from studio first to instructor first and from in person first to virtual first. This shift began years ago, and the events of the past few months have greatly accelerated the trend. We're building software to enable instructors thrive in this new market. Meanwhile, many customer segments are underserved and underrepresented by current digital fitness options, for example across different ages, cultures & languages, life stages, or workout types. In empowering instructors to connect with their students online, Core aims to match a diversity of instructor styles with the diversity of consumer needs and wants. We're breaking free from the tired stereotypes and making fitness more accessible, creating a happier, healthier world for every body. Core is a funded venture backed startup based in NYC and is hiring several engineers across the stack to launch our MVP – come be part of the journey! All will be joining our team in early stage product development, working across roles. You will be joining the team as one of the first engineering hires and will be integral in growing the culture of our engineering team and Core. If you like to build and launch brand new products, collaborate with design, prototype for fast iteration cycles, and ultimately ship high quality code this is the role for you. You're looking for a role where you'll... Create great user experiences for both our fitness instructors and their students Be a self starter: take ideas and input and turn them into reality Write code that is easy to understand and easy to change as we learn from our users and iterate on the product Collaborate with cross functional teams; we believe that a better product is built through teamwork and communication Evaluate technical tradeoffs of decisions and collaborate with design on the best path to move the product forward quickly Operate with curiosity, empathy, and humility Innovate on the meaning of "best in class digital fitness" especially from the standpoint of mobile Build in Swift on iOS; you understand the power of good technical architecture, most importantly in service of solving user problems Grow with the company; we offer significant, competitive equity to early engineers What we're looking for... Strong expertise with the iOS platform At least one app currently in the App Store / Play Store Experience in agile teams with working knowledge on how work gets from ideation to production This role can flex in seniority based on candidate experience. COVID 19 The world is wild right now and our thinking may change, but as an early stage company, we hope to be able to work in person a few days a week by Q1 2021. In the meanwhile we're remote and optionally meeting in the office. Health and safety come first. Job ID: 57967About Us: We are devoted to digital media technology. While facing high traffics every day, we have suffered from one of the most intense cyber attacks. With a special mission in mind, we are a unique group trying to accomplish what we believe is meaningful. Do you wish to challenge and sharpen your skills in a high concurrency, high real time and high availability environment? Come join us!About the Role: We are seeking a seasoned Senior Software Developer with solid experience developing high performance backend with nodejs/python/java and server side Javascript at the API layer. You will be working alongside our talented developer team to build high quality, innovative, and fully performing software in compliance with high coding standards and technical design. You will work collaboratively to understand technical needs, evaluate solution paths for problems and discuss recommendations based on your knowledge and experienceRequirements: 7 years of software development experienceExperience in C/C++, Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, or Go2 years of experience with GraphQL, Nodejs, Expressjs, Django, JHipster, etcExperience with message queuing and push notifications to the web, Android, or iOSExperience with high performance database implementation with any relational or NoSQL DBMSPreferred Requirements10+ years develop, deploy in Linux environmentsKafka, RabbitMQ, Redis, Docker, Kubernetes a plusExperience with AWS technologies includes ECS/EKS, Lambda, API Gateway, S3, DynamoDB, etcJob Type: Full time, contractLocation: NYCRemoteJob Types: Full time, ContractPay: $97,88900 $207,66900 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayExperience:Java: 1 year (Preferred)APIs: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsFully Remote About Us LTSE supports companies in all stages of growth committed to long term value creation, and the investors who share their values. We offer software and services for company building and pursuing a path to the public markets, a US. national securities exchange for new and existing public companies, and a coalition for the exchange of ideas between companies and like minded investors. We believe in the power of a public market that supports continuous success for all stakeholders, including employees, investors, and their communities. We’re helping innovation and value creation flourish for now and far into the future through long term investment, experimentation, and sustainable scaling, Lead LTSE investors include Founders Fund, Collaborative Fund, Andreessen Horowitz, Obvious Ventures, Uprising, and Initialized. LTSE was founded by Eric Ries, an entrepreneur, New York Times bestselling author, and the creator of the Lean Startup methodology. The Role The Senior Exchange Software Engineer will lead development of core components of the Exchange Software Platform ranging from Matching Engine to the FIX Gateways to SIP connectivity with high familiarity of the performance profiles and best development practices. This individual will be joining a small team and have the opportunity to establish efficient processes that enforce accountability and well oiled collaboration. This is a great opportunity to have lasting impact on a project central to the company’s operation. You are: Experienced coding in Java and understand the performance characteristics that are key for high throughput applications. Proficient at multithreading and performance oriented programming. Looking to continuously grow in an environment that allows for experimentation and learning. Adept with clearing, trading, and/or managing risk. Excited about all stages of the product life cycle including design, experimentation, implementation, testing, release, deployment, monitoring, troubleshooting, maintenance and iteration. We’re looking for someone who has: Experience working on software serving the financial industry specifically Securities Exchange or a member firm that interfaces with an Exchange. A deep understanding of how data flows through a Securities Exchange and the performance characteristics of an Exchange Platform. Exposure to sending and/or managing orders sent to or received from a securities exchange. Nice to haves: A strong preference for simplicity, readability and maintainability over cleverness. Experience participating in small, diverse teams that prioritize people over process, working software over documentation and responding to change over following a plan. You already embrace Lean Startup methodology, experimentation and feedback oriented development. You have aesthetic preferences for code and want to be part of a small team devoted to evolving quality software together. Benefits include: People. Work in a mission based company with skilled, committed, and supportive teammates who share your desire to create a new kind of public market, and have a commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits. A commitment to a sustainable work environment, including an unlimited vacation policy that requires team members take a minimum of three weeks vacation per year. 401k. Cell phone reimbursement. Computer and home office setup. LTSE is committed to championing the inclusion of women and underrepresented employees at the earliest stages of the company’s life. We believe that inclusion is a team effort, and every team member is expected to participate in building a welcoming and representative culture. LTSE is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. We enthusiastically work to make our application and interview processes accessible for candidates with disabilities. Looking for a company that embraces new technology? Are you interested in Elixir, the Erlang VM, or Elm? Would you like to be an early part of company with lots of growth potential? Corvus Insurance seeks a talented Full Stack Software Engineer to join our early stage technology team. We are a dynamic team of entrepreneurial professionals with backgrounds in insurance and technology creating a commercial insurance company that combines the latest technology with traditional insurance. You will be instrumental in building software systems that create actionable data for our users. You will report to our Engineering Manager. Responsibilities You will be responsible for shipping high quality, production ready code You will write GraphQL APIs and backend services in Elixir using Phoenix and Absinthe You will write user interfaces in Elm You will work closely with designers and product managers to understand the problems of our end users (insurance brokers, insurance buyers, and Corvus staff) You will participate in customer interviews and user testing You will review Pull Requests You will actively seek to be a better engineer and help others get better Qualifications 4 6 years of experience developing and deploying advanced web based applications and services into staging and production environments Desire to immerse yourself in functional languages: Elixir and Elm You write readable, quality code and make sure your tests are green before merging into master; you provide code reviews for your fellow team members You appreciate Devops (Ansible, Puppet, Docker, etc) and the massive scalability provided by cloud computing and Amazon EC2 You're comfortable working at an early stage startup and are ready to build a greenfield system (no legacy codebase).You collaborate well with others and are dedicated to the company's success We are looking for a Junior Developer to assist with building automated workflows, modeling of data structures equities, fixed income, FX, credit rates, volatility and exotic products, as well as creating significant process efficiencies. Key Responsibilities: Build automated workflows as part of a processing platform to support trading in equities, fixed income, FX, credit, rates, volatility and exotic products Create significant efficiencies in the firm's post trade workflows by gaining detailed knowledge of data structures and object modeling of a large number of instruments in these asset classes Modeling of data structures and processes for equities, fixed income, FX, credit rates, volatility and exotic products Setting up of new funds and strategies Import of files and data mapping from market data vendors, Prime Brokers and other third parties Design and implementation of trade files to prime brokers and fund administrators within a managed queue processing framework Design and implementation of processing around calculating margins, balance sheet usage, P&L and risk measures regulatory, etc. Desirable Candidates: Working knowledge of SQL Server or Sybase, SQL including stored procedures Experience with either Java or C# Experience with data structures and object models in financial instruments in at least one asset class Experience with Python is a plus Blend helps lenders maximize their digital agility. Our digital lending platform is used by Wells Fargo, US. Bank, and other leading financial institutions to increase customer acquisition, improve productivity, and accelerate the delivery of any banking product across every channel. We process more than $35 billion in mortgages and consumer loans daily, helping millions of consumers get into homes and gain access to the capital they need to lead better lives. The Pre approval team is focused on automating processes that were traditionally driven by the loan officer, empowering the consumer to drive their loan process. The team is currently focused on building out Blend’s automated pre approval pipeline so that every borrower that touches Blend will be able to get a real time, digitally verified credit approval decision on their own time. To power this pipeline, the team leverages a diverse set of integration across the mortgage industry to make as accurate a decision as possible. It requires building integrations to 3rd party data providers as well as building out the platform that allows 3rd party providers to build their data into the Blend platform. Our team is fullstack, owning pieces of the borrower user experience, the 3rd party integrations, the developer ecosystem, and the microservices that make the experience go. How you'll contribute: Work multi functionally with product and design to deliver user facing features end to end Designing APIs to allow customers and 3rd parties to integrate with our pricing and fees platform Build out new integrations to credit and other data providers to improve the pre approval funnel Expand the pre approval funnel to support more use cases Mentor junior engineers on the team Participate in an on call rotation for this teams services. Who you are: Experience building real time distributed web services Excellent coding, problem solving and debugging skills in a service oriented platform. Strong communication skills and the ability to distill and convey complex information to multiple stakeholders Experience working with third party API’s and integrations. Eagerness and ability to rapidly learn new skills, technologies and concepts, taking personal initiative to execute on projects Bonus: prior experience with Typescript + Nodejs / Express, Mongo; Go / Postgres; React Benefits and Perks: Meaningful equity and a 401(k) plan Comprehensive health benefits A well rounded Wellness Program that covers a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more Lunch, dinner, snacks, and Pizza Fridays On site meditation, yoga, and massages Flexible work schedule, with open vacation policy 4 months of paid parental or personal leave Convenient location, with parking programs, and flexible commuter options Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable law, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Notice at Collection for California Applicants Description: You will be envisioning, designing and building beautiful and intuitive user interface and web applications. Requirements: Experience with developing large real time web applications (eg., React, Nodejs, Angular). Work closely with clients and integrate their feedback into product design. Experience with UI/UX design strongly preferred. Qualifications: Master/Bachelor degrees in Applied Mathematics/EE/CS. Minimal 3 years of experience in C/C++/VC++/MFC in UNIX and WindowsNT platforms . Proficiency in ActiveX/Excel/VB scripts, GUI/API development, utilizing X Windows and Motif, Java/J++. Knowledge of Perl, Access a plus. Familiar with economics, finance and derivatives a plus. Job Responsibility: Designing, developing , and testing financial Object Oriented software, price function libraries, GUI for our state of the art products. You mau also need to support clients, trouble shooting, configure their systems. Interested applicants please submit cover letter, resume and samples of programs to employment@wangresearchcom Confidentiality is guanranted. Code samples will be returned and expunged from our systems once review is completed. Would you like the opportunity to work on mobile app projects seen by millions of people daily? Are you interested in developing products for the Sports, Media and Entertainment world? We are looking for highly talented Android Engineers to join our team. You will work with a modern stack of technologies (Kotlin, RxJava2, Dagger2) to create mobile solutions for the biggest names in sports, media, entertainment, and active lifestyle. We believe in code review and team communications. Please attach the link on Google Play applications that you've worked on (business one or your Pet Projects) to your CV We are open to remote candidates, the location for this role is flexible. Responsibilities Reviewing the requirements and designs and highlight the possible risks and design flaws to the product / design teams Active participation in the development of Android applications with hundreds of thousands of active users Development of new applications Collaboration with Back End / iOS / QA / Architecture teams to produce the best possible solution Code Review Requirements 3+ years of Android development experience Proficiency in Java, Kotlin Experience with Dagger2, RxJava Understanding of architectural patterns (MVP/MVVM) Good written and spoken English Strong passion for code quality, willingness to write unit tests Deep understanding of modern mobile development About iXco iXco, a digital media company focused on the way data science and technology can create more personal experiences for users while growing audiences for content owners, bridges the gap between storytelling and technology, creating digital platforms and experiences to help global brands engage with audiences and monetize their investments. iXco works with many of the biggest names in sports, media, entertainment, and active lifestyle, using data driven insights to cater to audience passions and empower businesses to make millions of lasting impressions. With offices across North America, Europe, and Asia, iXco is proud of the impact it has helped create for elite organizations like the PGA TOUR, NASCAR, FOX, Chelsea FC, AS Roma, the International Ski Federation and the International Basketball Federation, among countless others. Benefits Competitive salary and yearly bonus Multiple insurance options Pre tax commuter benefits Retirement benefits Fully stocked pantry with snacks and coffee bar Flexible working arrangements Weekly Happy Hours and periodic team activities Work in a high growth, energetic environment Duration: 14+ months Requirement: 1. Min 6 + years experience with .NET clients/services and web based applications using Angular, .Net, C# (WCF, ASPNET Web forms, MVC), etc. 2. Min 4 + years experience with designing and supporting REST API for frontend client system. 3. Experience working on agile projects and working with onshore/offshore teams 4. Knowledge of, and experience applying, object oriented architecture, design and programming concepts 5. Working Experience with SQL database programming concepts, including database architecture, stored procedures, query optimization, and performance/scalability considerations 6. Industry experience in Wealth management(Insurance, Retirements, Annuity, Capital market) preferred The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 132 billion. Monument is an online platform for those looking to change their relationship with alcohol. We connect members to a free anonymous community, therapist led groups and a collection of resources to provide the support and information they deserve. Members seeking medical treatment are introduced to a licensed physician and a specialized therapist to develop a personalized treatment plan specific to their goals. Monument is affordable, accessible, and research based, so a healthy relationship with alcohol is attainable and celebrated by all. We’re looking for a staff software engineer to join our (currently remote but eventually) NYC team. We're looking for a passionate, experienced engineer well versed in Nodejs, Postgres and AWS infrastructure. You'll to help us lay the foundation for a sustainable, performant codebase. You'll define best practices for the tech team and mentor other engineers to help them get up to speed. You'll work closely with product, operations and marketing to build software that meets customer and internal needs. About the Role Contribute to designing a highly secure, highly available architecture. Mentor and pair with other engineers. Collaborate with a diverse team of product and operations business leaders, therapists, and clinicians to build the key components of our rocketship: Chat, video calls, and communication tools Integration with pharmacy fulfillment Scheduling / matching tools Take ownership over features from end to end, using your own judgment to manage priorities. What We're Looking For 5+ years of software development experience. An affinity for creating software that is extensible, performant, and easy to read. Experience building apps with Nodejs and Postgres. Track record of shipping products that drive company goals. Excellent interpersonal skills including direct and compassionate communication. Experience configuring and maintaining production scale AWS environments. What You'll Get The ability to directly contribute to people’s treatment journeys and help a huge population of people significantly improve their lives The opportunity to join an incredibly passionate, compassionate, respectful and fun team who listens to and learns from each other every day. (We cannot wait to welcome your own values to expand our company culture!) Competitive salary Generous stock option plan Medical, dental and vision insurance Upward mobility and growth opportunities within a well funded startup. Monument is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We nurture authenticity. The current team includes sober people, parents, queer people, nonbinary folks, single parents, men, women, and more. Music for everyone, no credit card needed. It’s a promise our platform was built on. And here in the Free team, we’re still building on it. We work on a massive scale, bringing people from all kinds of disciplines and all parts of the business together to deliver an amazing freemium experience to more than 129 million users worldwide. Want to help shape the future of free? Here’s how. We are looking for thoughtful, well rounded Android engineers to join our team and help build an application that millions of people use every single day to discover and listen to music. You will play a leading role in our mobile engineering practice, implementing new features, improving performance, and building beautiful user interfaces. Above all, your work will change the way the world experiences music. If you are looking for impact and challenge then come be a part of an exciting new team. What You’ll Do Collaborate with a small, autonomous team of developers, designers, and product owners to find end to end solutions to important problems Implement these solutions for our Android client, adhering to Android development best practices Help your team solve problems in a way that makes sense for Android users and our codebase Join dozens of other developers and help to shape the direction of Android development at Spotify Who You Are You have a deep understanding of modern Android development You know how to write readable, maintainable, performant object oriented Java You are experienced with Android development tools You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code You have a high level understanding of end to end systems You have released at least one app or have a project in the works that you can tell us about You have at least 3 4 years of professional experience You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 299 million users. Looking for a next level developer. Join our talented team! Start reading what tools & techniques we use and learn about our workflow. Interested to join? Hit Apply. Our front end workflow We use RequireJS and AngularJS for most of our data driven web apps. Except taking care of the interface with loads of handy directives, Angular also takes care of routing and language choice. Speaking copy, we separated copy from code, so you'll never be asked to correct a typo. <job ng repeat="j in jobs | filter:{status: 'example'}" info="j"></job> Our back end workflow We communicate from Angular JS with our RESTful API, which is built on Laravel. This PHP framework does a lot of the heavy lifting so we can focus on the functionalities that matter most. We're knees down deep in commands, use different environments and nifty packages that enable us to integrate with services like Slack and Mandrill. Front and back end are totally separated by the way, so if you're front end or back end only..then you don't have to deal with stuff that isn't your cup of tea. All of the development is handled with Compass, although we still have to start working with CoffeeScript and HAML. We don't know much about that really, so maybe you can help us learn? We use grunt a lot to compile Sass, let rjs do its job, update copydoc, optimise images, gzip files..just about anything to have everything production ready. O yeah, you don't have to be afraid to brake something on the production environment because you're fooling around with FTP or phpMyAdmin, because that's not how we roll. Everything is neatly run by different git branches and the deployments and migrations are fully automated. What will you be doing? We've got a list of around 1001 features and fixes that we want to launch the coming months. A connection with Stripe is coming up, also one for Dropbox. There's a standalone project planned dubbed 'Rewards', which will need a whole lot of Nodejs and real time applications. O yeah and we want to expand our Management Console. Did I mention our product page needs an update as well? And then we have the desire to build an app, set up a notification service and most important connect our Hue lights to the 'add credit card' form. So don't worry about being bored any time soon. I don't know that much about AngularJS, grunt or Laravel, but I do think I'm a pretty decent developer; now what? Get in touch! In our experience we will have you up to speed in no time, as long as you're open to learning. Get to know the team Marc Eleonora Bill Stephany A little something about us We have a spacious studio in the city centre, where there's plenty of room to get you comfy. Some of our colleagues work remote. Although we do have the '1 day rule', which means everyone is at the office at least one day a weak. Because we encourage to work wherever you work best, everything is aligned to this philosophy: our Trello account is our product lifeline, we discuss and shares ideas via Slack, have morning standups on Skype and have our files in Dropbox..of course. And now you know pretty much everything about us. Time to get to know you! The application form is a little different than you might expect..we've got some interesting questions and a little assignment, so don't worry about a motivational letter or resume..it's just about you, your passions and your work! Company Description Twitter is what’s happening and what people are talking about right now. For us, life's not about a job, it's about purpose. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we'll do what's right (not what's easy) to serve the public conversation. Job Description Who We Are: Twitter's Discovery teams are dedicated to getting the majority of the world to converse in public using Twitter. We are composed of many teams across the company, including Product, Engineering, Design, and Research. These teams are responsible for understanding the needs of new users and users who are not very active and help them discover the value of Twitter by building personalized products. This mission is to instantly connect people with conversations and audiences most relevant to them. Realizing this goal involves work in building sophisticated distributed systems that will help serve hundreds of millions of users in real time, providing a platform for the rest of the company, and processing large scale data. Qualifications What You’ll Do: You'll work with an awesome team of engineers, product managers, data scientists, researchers, and designers to build the fundamental infrastructure and platform that powers Discovery products. This includes: Architect and build services at a huge scale, but also lead and build new product initiatives on top of the platform. Work directly with engineers, product managers, and designers to build tools and systems that enable them to accomplish outstanding things. Directly impact the lives of every Twitter user. Own specific problems related to Notifications and be given the resources, support, and autonomy to drive solutions. Work and communicate in our collaborative atmosphere. Give and receive feedback to build trust and transparency. Join a team where we #LoveWhereWeWork. Who You Are You have a strong sense of ownership, and a curiosity to understand how things work, even if they take you outside your area of expertise You are not only comfortable with ambiguity but view it as an opening to quickly explore a multitude of options. You have the ability to tackle sophisticated problems, learn quickly, iterate, and persist towards a good solution. You have experience collaborating across multi functional teams including analytics, product management, and operations. You are excited to learn from your amazing peers Requirements BS, MS, or PhD in computer science (or a related field) with 7+ years of combined academic and relevant industry experience Experience with standard software engineering methodology (eg. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation). Strong algorithms and data structures background Proficiency with at least one of the following languages Java, C/C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, or any functional language (we primarily use Scala) Experience with backend infrastructure, distributed systems, performance analysis, and/or large scale data processing Experience with writing tests for production software Experience operating production software in a UNIX/Linux environment Consistent track record of collaborating across multi functional teams including analytics, product management, and operation Bonus: Experience building consumer products (A/B testing, solving user problems) Bonus: Contributions to the open source community Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Req ID: 99475 NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward thinking organization, apply now. We are currently seeking a Entry level Developer to join our team in New York, New York (US NY), United States (US). NTT DATA Services is currently hiring recent College graduates, with degrees in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics fields (STEM) who possess an interest in learning cutting edge technologies in the Information Technology Industry to join our team as an Entry level Developer. Selected candidates will participate in a training program to receive intensive training and development in cutting edge technologies. We are seeking candidates who are flexible to travel and/or relocate to various geographic locations in the United States to meet our business and client needs post training completion. This is a full time salaried position with NTT DATA Services. We offer a comprehensive benefits package that starts from your first day of employment. Responsibilities may include: Software development. Developing metrics and advising on system integrations. Custom applications and query development Toolset and application integration. Working with other System Engineers and Software Developers to perform Integration activities. Systems modernization Analyzing existing data to develop metrics and trends to enhance knowledge and capture value of data. Design, develop, and test analytics, advise on integration with enterprise systems, and develop metrics for R&D Efforts. Interface with customers and teammates through face to face meetings, telephone calls and other electronic media. Willingness to relocate to various geographic locations throughout US at the end of the training program Basic Qualifications: Have a STEM Degree (ie: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Technology, Mathematics etc) by or prior to May 2021 Must be a US Citizen Taken accredited classes in or have at least 3 months work experience in at least one object oriented programming language, such as C# or Java, and software application development Additional Desired Qualifications: Preference would be given to strong academic credentials reinforced with programming or software development experience gained during an internship Database management knowledge on any database concepts Recommendations by professors and internship supervisors for programming abilities and grasp of multiple technologies Known as a self starter, team player and multitasker – one who strives to consistently exceed expectations Ability to stretch outside one’s comfort zone to achieve team success Exhibit positive mindset in networking with team members Good analytical, logical and communication skills Highly organized and self motived Strong analytic and problem solving skills Strong communication and leadership skills Strong desire to learn technologies from an analytical standpoint Apprenticeships or prior work experience in Technology is preferred, but not required About NTT DATA Services NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100. NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law. The Company theMednet is a Y Combinator company that connects the world's leading cancer experts with the most innovative technology to share insights that improve cancer care. Our mission is to build the largest and most up to date knowledge base for medicine, so that physicians everywhere have the information they need to deliver the best possible care to their patients. theMednet was featured in Inc. Magazine as one of the companies changing the future of medicine. Job Description theMednet is seeking our first Full Stack Engineer. You’ll build software that is used directly by over 60% of doctors treating cancer patients to help them make better decisions. You’ll ship quick and be responsible for owning products end to end. The role is suited best for a product oriented engineer who is motivated by our mission to improve patient care. We’re a small team (Technical CEO, Chief Medical Officer, Sales and operations) and we all work closely with one another. You Driven by a mission to build something that will improve the lives of patients 2+ years experience and history of shipping product (at least 2 of those years at a funded startup) A high level thinker who likes to understand the business and user needs behind the technology they are building. Full stack engineer with strong data analysis skills Job Requirements Experience launching web applications across full stack Configuring and deploying infrastructure (Kubernetes , MYSQL, etc) on cloud services (AWS, GCP, Azure, etc.) Web Application development (Our stack is React, PHP, MySQL) Other experience preferred but not required Mobile Experience building social products Experience with or interest in learning ML toolkits Email us with a copy of your resume at jobs@themednetorg Company Description Twitter is what’s happening in the world and what people are talking about right now. From breaking news and entertainment to sports, politics, and everyday interests, see every side of the story. Join the open conversation, and collaborate with creative and curious people across the globe. “The whole world is watching Twitter. You don't go a day without hearing about Twitter, how it’s used as the fastest way to send a message to the world in an instant, how it carries some of the most important commentary and conversations, how it mobilizes people into action. That's powerful, it's valuable, it's fundamental.” Jack Dorsey Job Description We bring the features of Twitter to Android. This team impacts hundreds of millions of users, which brings with it interesting product and technical challenges at that scale. We keep development lightweight and agile, make data driven decisions, and release with high quality and velocity. Come be a part of our team! Who We Are: Our teams love using the latest web and mobile technologies for all features on Twitter, such as Tweets, Fleets, DMs, Live Broadcasting, Media and more. We build rich experiences that create new forms of content and improve the mechanics and comprehension of conversations on Twitter. On the client team you have the opportunity to have significant ownership and impact over major user facing features that hundreds of millions of people love to use. What You'll Do: As part of the Mobile team you'll be responsible for bringing some of our core products to Android. You’ll build compelling new experiences in feature areas such as Tweets, Fleets, DMs, Live Broadcasting, Media and more. You will use your in depth knowledge of all things Android to craft new Twitter features that are uniquely Android based. As an Android engineer, you will work closely with designers, user researchers, data scientists, product managers, and the engineers that support the developer platform and infrastructure. You will use your passion and in depth knowledge of all things Android to craft the client components and features that will shape the future of Twitter for Android. Qualifications Who you are: You’re an experienced mobile engineer looking to make Twitter for Android one of the best mobile experiences out there. You're someone who excels at user centric product development and has a passion for making beautiful, smooth, delightful mobile experiences. If this sounds like you, you probably have: Top notch programming skills in an object oriented language like Java, Kotlin, or C++ Previous experience developing mobile applications (on Android) Experience implementing new features and optimizing existing ones Technical depth that allows you to rapidly fix bugs and solve problems Experience working closely across a variety of teams including product management, interaction designers, and engineers A detailed approach to writing tests and quality assurance Advocacy of the principles of accessibility and the ability to build interfaces accessible to users with disabilities Knowledge of core CS concepts such as: common data structures and algorithms, profiling/optimization Requirements BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Previous experience developing mobile applications on Android Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status, or any legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. About CharterUP CharterUP aims to be the leading charter bus platform in the world and is looking for people that want to be along for the ride! We are disrupting the highly fragmented bus industry by connecting supply side bus companies to demand side clients (corporations, non profits, and governmental entities). We strive towards having as many enthusiastic customers as possible, which leads to increased group travel and a greener earth. About This Role We are looking to add a Full Stack Software Engineer to the team. You will be working with top notch talent that includes both our internal team as well as some of the brightest contractors. No member is an island. At CharterUP you will be a part of a team with deep knowledge of all areas of software development. Our team embraces Agile methodologies and is quick to adapt. We use a wide range of languages and tools. Our latest products are finely crafted weblications that empower our users. We are passionate about user experience. And we are excited about showing up to code. You can expect to be challenged. You can expect your contributions to be accepted and appreciated. And you can expect your skills to become even sharper. Iron sharpens iron. We are looking for someone who understands software architecture, data modeling, and object oriented programming concepts. You must be a coder. We would love to see examples of interesting solutions you've created. Compensation $70,000 base salary Material equity award with standard vesting What You’ll Do Efficiently roll out technical features from concept to product Collaborate with a team to develop our next generation travel platform Develop tooling and processes to benefit and grow our team What You’ll Need Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar STEM degree from a top ranked institution Back end expertise in Java Spring Boot or Hibernate Front end expertise in Vue, React, or Angular Potential to quickly develop expertise in any part of our tech stack where you have limited experience Location Every new hire, regardless of location, will work remotely for at least the next few months until it is safe to return to the office nationwide. After the COVID situation passes, CharterUP prefers relocation to Atlanta. However, long term CharterUP is open to employees working remotely or from CharterUP's satellite offices in SF and NYC. Tech Team Application Process Candidate submits CharterUP online application Resumes encouraged to be at most one page in length Initial evaluation Candidate may be asked to submit a sample of their work or complete a quick hack Interviews Candidate to meet with various members of the dev team, including CTO, product leads, and senior engineers Candidate to meet with founder, head of recruiting, or other members of the executive team Testing Coding exercise General aptitude assessment Offer Background and reference checks prior to formal offer CharterUP Principles At CharterUP, we don’t compromise on quality. We hire smart, high energy, trustworthy people and keep them as motivated and happy as possible. Do that by adhering to our principles, which are: Customer First We always think about how our decisions will impact our clients; earning and keeping customer trust is our top priority We are not afraid of short term pain for long term customer benefit Create an Environment for Exceptional People We foster intellectual curiosity We identify top performers, mentor them, and empower them to achieve Every hire and promotion will have a higher standard Everyone is an Entrepreneur / Owner No team member is defined by their function or job title; no job is beneath anyone We do more with less; we are scrappy and inventive We think long term Relentlessly High Standards We don’t accept “that’s how it’s always been done”; we constantly innovate and question established routines to improve processes We actively push to be proved wrong and welcome different ideas; the best idea wins We don’t compromise on quality Clarity & Speed When in doubt, we act; we can always change course We focus on the key drivers of a process that will deliver the most results Mandate to Dissent & Commit We are confident in expressing our opinions; it is our obligation to express our disagreement Once we decide, we enthusiastically move together in the agreed upon direction Powered by JazzHR tLwDQhwmWD About Us Ready is an on demand mobile health service that delivers non emergency care directly to patients. To accomplish this, Ready sends a trained health professional, which we call a “Responder,” to facilitate a telehealth visit between the patient and a licensed clinician. With Ready, patients now have access to quality care in their homes, 16 hours a day, 365 days a year, and talented individuals are provided the opportunity to work with a rapidly growing, mission driven company. We hope you will join us. About The Opportunity The Ready Product & Engineering Team is a fast growing team of 20 members, which supports the delivery of care to patients, coordination of medics in the field, integrations with healthcare partners, and consolidation of data for reporting to the larger organization. We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to work on core products within our custom platform. These internal products help our clinicians chart patient health details, our dispatchers manage and assign visits, operations manage our markets and responder availability, and our responders navigate to a patient and track patient details. These products are built using ReactJS, React Native, and NodeJS using Amplify, AppSync, and GraphQL. You’ll be a good fit for this role if you value having significant ownership of your work, helping to lead the direction of the team and product, and mentoring other engineers. We value collaboration, cross team partnerships, continuous learning, and curiosity. We value an environment where all team members are supported to openly discuss ideas. What You’ll Do Partner with designers and product managers to develop new features for our core platform Work with product managers to build roadmaps and release timelines Work with product managers to create detailed specifications for epics and stories Streamline development practices and deployments Work with QA to improve and automate testing practices Manage releases in Github Ensure good code quality, documentation, and test coverage Help track down bugs and troubleshoot with other teams What You’ll Need A minimum of 5 years experience in a software engineering role, with at least 2 years of engineering lead experience on a full stack Javascript product Full stack engineering and platform architecture experience Experience with NodeJS, ReactJS, and React Native Experience working with GraphQL and Apollo Experience with the entire product lifecycle (development, testing, release, and maintenance) Experience working in an agile environment Bonuses A background in healthcare or experience working in highly regulated industries Experience working with AWS Amplify and AppSync Experience working with AngularJS Job Title Software Engineer Manager Job Description I. Job Summary | Major goals and objectives. Meredith Corporation Inc. is seeking an experienced Software Engineering Manager to join its Platform engineering team and help transform how we create and tell stories across our over 40 iconic brands, including People, AllRecipes, InStyle, Martha Stewart Living and Better Homes & Gardens. As an experienced technologist and a natural leader, you will represent the Platform engineering team in collaborations with product owners, project managers, QA testers, software engineers and systems engineers. You will help inform technical strategy, being cognizant of business goals, and socialize decisions across the digital division. Your passion involves software development and leadership, with a focus on leading edge technology around content management systems and headless API services. You have broad, deep knowledge of modern full stack development techniques and trends, especially with frameworks we use like NodeJS, React, WordPress (Gutenberg) and similar technology. You understand and will confidently address the challenges associated with delivering powerful and intuitive editorial experiences to writers, SEO stakeholders, and marketing teams. You are capable of being hands on with development code and tools when needed. You will coach our talented, committed full stack developers to perform at the peak of their abilities. You are: A communicator: Whether written or oral, your communication skills are outstanding in any context. Your interactions with stakeholders and coworkers move the business forward in a dynamic, exciting, entrepreneurial working environment. You can quickly convert business to technical requirements. A problem solver: You’re a solution oriented multi tasker who runs toward a challenge. You’re able to work on multiple projects simultaneously and think independently. You are personally committed to completing a project with a conscientious attitude and good follow through. You see to it that all assignments are completed correctly and uphold department and company standards. A leader: As a manager you are respected, and your counsel is sought by our staff and stakeholders. You advise senior management and socialize technical strategic decisions to the engineers. You evangelize best practices in all aspects of engineering. You embrace all responsibilities associated with performance management and ensuring your team operates together to succeed. Accountable: You are the greatest critic of what you deliver. You are proud of your work, and you stand by it. You are humbled but not defeated by failure and accept it as a critical part of learning. You are honest and never blame or project frustrations onto others. II. Essential Job Functions Accountabilities, Actions, and Expected Measurable Results Architecture: Participate in technical design of new and expanding systems and infrastructure. Collaborate with other back end and systems teams on service definitions and interoperability. Scope and timeline negotiation: Work with product owners and project managers within an agile methodology to clearly define business priorities, timelines and minimum viable products. Process design and management: Scrutinize and evolve the software development life cycle. Keep abreast of trends in automation, continuous integration and tooling, and enhance processes to improve the developer and QA tester experiences. Staff management: Regularly meet with direct reports to discuss job performance and goals. Effectively prioritize and delegate tasks. Conduct annual performance reviews. Innovation: Stay close and hands on with coding activity. Keep abreast of technology trends and tools. Encourage and foster a climate of innovation within the engineering team. III. Minimum Qualifications and Job Requirements | All must be met to be considered. Education: High School Diploma Some College Experience or Degree is preferred Experience: 6+ years of hands on engineering experience, ideally in CMS development and Digital Operations 1+ years of managing direct reports or functioning in a team leadership role Specific Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Deeply opinionated, but with the ability to debate and compromise. Outstanding management skills and natural leadership qualities Outstanding communication, analytical and problem solving skills Ability to discern business requirements, and confidently make good decisions on the fly Sharp focus on leveraging technology to improve businesses value propositions Thorough understanding of modern development techniques, trends, and tools like npm, Webpack, PHP Composer, and Psalm Familiarity with continuous integration and automation via tools like CircleCI and GitHub Actions Experience interacting with Headless frameworks and REST APIs Practical knowledge of Git, GitHub and version control, and Git flow Experience with Amazon Web Services, Docker, and software deployment workflows Experience working within an agile methodology, using JIRA or similar project management tools. Recommended but not required Extensive experience with React and modern JavaScript (familiarity with Emotion/CSS in JS, Redux, ES6, and modern functional component best practices is ideal) Deep familiarity with PHP, WordPress, and the WordPress ecosystem (ideally with specific experience with Gutenberg block development) % Travel Required (Approximate): 5% It is the policy of Meredith to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Meredith will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Meredith participates in the federal E Verify program to confirm the identity and employment authorization of all newly hired employees. For further information about the E Verify program, please click here: http://wwwuscis.gov/e verify/employees #NMG# OkCupid is looking to hire a Software Engineer II on our Android team! If you’re an experienced Android Engineer and you like the idea of being a key contributor on an app used by millions of people, read on. What’s it like being an Android Engineer at OkCupid? We’re a small, tight knit Mobile Development team that manages all aspects of OkCupid’s Android app. Every person we hire is given a lot of responsibility and a lot of power; your opinion can be a big part of what we do and how we do it. OkCupid is an engineering focused company. We are a group of developers that gets a big sense of satisfaction from helping millions of people find love. If that’s the kind of thing that appeals to you, you’re probably a good fit for OkCupid. We’re seeking someone who has:2+ years of professional experience working with key technologies for the Android platformFluency in Kotlin (the language we use) and/or Java (the language we used to use)Experience designing robust, extensible, and testable mobile application code and frameworksExperience consuming and designing REST APIs and/or experience with GraphQL QueriesStrong UI development skills (complex view trees, animations, rendering and strong knowledge of the Android UI kit) Some cool things about our team:We are all in on Kotlin (and have been for 2 years)We use MVVM with lots of RxWe use and are passionate about Android Architecture ComponentsWe write unit tests for all of our code and use CI to automate themWe are a single Activity appWe are passionate about building a great user experience and a clean codebase. We write tech designs for all of our major features and are deeply enthusiastic about knowledge sharingWe’re transitioning to GraphQL #LI East What’s in it for you?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesDaily complimentary catered lunch from some of NYC’s top restaurants, and an endless supply of snacks & drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsDiscounted membership to some amazing NYC facilities including Chelsea Piers GymGenerous maternity and/or paternity leave and contributions towards fertility preservationA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly people OkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees. Job Description: Job Title: Site Reliability Engineer Location: New York, NY Travel/Relocation: Onsite 5 7 years of SRE experience Strong experience writing code in Python Ability to debug optimize code and automate routine tasks Strong wok experience in SRE topics like SLOs resilience scaling performance and more Previous experience managing production cloud infrastructure at scale Hands on experience with configuration management tools Ansible SaltStack etc Deep understanding of cloud services and CI CD implementation best practices Create and implement production changes to ensure the uptime and stability of the highly trafficked systems Take a hands on approach to the end to end deployment of critical infrastructure for a variety of applications Deliver continuous improvements to the current security posture Collaborate frequently with other technical teams to improve existing infrastructure design Strong communication and collaboration skills About Capgemini: Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year+ heritage and deep industry specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company of 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of €17billion. What we offer: Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business focused learning curriculums. We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients. With the digital tech sector growing at a rapid pace and women significantly underrepresented in the industry, we are determined to inspire and recruit more women into technology and build diverse teams that reflect the clients we serve. Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships. Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage women, veterans and active military service personnel to apply. Disclaimer: Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant http://wwwcapgemini.com/resources/equal employment opportunity is the law Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. 2+ years of non internship professional software development experienceProgramming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. Want to build the future of music and audio entertainment? Imagine being part of an agile team, where your ideas have the potential to reach millions. Envision working within a startup atmosphere, while being able to leverage the resources of a Fortune 500 company. Picture working on bleeding edge consumer facing products, where every team member is a critical voice in the decision making process. Welcome to Amazon Music’s New Projects team. Our team builds new experiences for Amazon Music listeners. We help our customers discover up and coming creators, while also having access to their favorite music and podcasts. We build systems that are distributed around the world, spanning our music apps, web player, and voice forward experiences on mobile and Amazon Echo devices, powered by Alexa. Amazon Music products support our mission of delivering audio entertainment in new and exciting ways that listeners love. Amazon Music’s New Projects team is looking for founding team members across a variety of functions, including software engineering/development, product, marketing, design, and more. Come make history, as we launch new projects for millions of listeners. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related field2+ year(s) of Android mobile development experience using Java or C++Computer Science fundamentals in object oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysisExperience developing high quality Android applicationsExperienced in all stages of development, including design, development, testing, and deploymentThorough understanding of both client and web application architecturesAnalytical skills, excellent communication skills, and strong team ethic Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. #MusicJobs Overview You are a puzzle solver, a debugger, an innovator. You code ideas into reality. With the user always at the forefront of your mind, you create functional and attractive experiences. You have an innate love of learning, and you push the boundaries of development. You don’t just write code you make digital magic happen. Are you ready to take on your next challenge in this Interactive Developer role with GSW? The candidate possesses good verbal and written communication skills and demonstrates a talent for teamwork and collaboration. A desire and excitement to explore new technology is a must. GSW is a full service healthcare communications agency that goes beyond advertising to create personalized brand experiences. We develop strategic marketing solutions for pharmaceutical, biotech and health and wellness clients around the world. We create experiences that involve, inspire, educate and activate people through ongoing brand journeys. Responsibilities An Interactive Developer will work closely with tech leads, project management and the creative team to execute pixel perfect front end builds making key decisions on Javascript architecture, CSS strategy, HTML5/CSS3 degradation, web fonts, social networking integration, html best practices and responsive design. This position will focus on front end development, and as such the candidate should have a solid working knowledge and ability to execute on modern web frameworks such as Bootstrap/Foundation & boilerplate. Along with that, having expertise in leveraging grunt/gulp build scripts are an absolute must. Job Requirements Bachelor’s degree. Computer Science Degree Preferred, or comparable experience 3 5 years’ experience, preferably at an advertising agency Expert in OO JS, HTML, CSS3, mobile best practices, social media integration. Experienced in using LESS/SASS, leveraging gulp/grunt for builds. Expertise in working with GIT, both on an individual level and with teams. Experience integrating with a CMS (wordpress, drupal, sitecore) LAMP/.NET full stack experience is highly desirable but not a must have requirement. GSW turns against the premise of doing the “same old.” Our culture is focused on collaborative, meaningful advertising and day to day interpersonal interaction. We value the diverse backgrounds of our team members, and everyone has the opportunity to provide input and be heard. GSW is comprised of creative, motivated individuals who are all here for a reason. We welcome those who strive to work above and beyond their role, who voice their opinion and who are engaged in all aspects of the agency. At GSW, “speak people” is part of our every day. Our employees are inventing ways to go further, faster, thus giving purpose to liberating ideas within healthcare advertising. GSW is part of Syneos Health Communications, a purpose built collective of agencies focused on supporting health and biopharmaceutical innovators. We work in scalable, collaborative teams that partner across disciplines and geographies to deliver integrated communications strategies that accelerate brand performance. In today’s fast changing and complex environment, success lies in making connections: between science, emotion, and technology; between data, design and human insight. We’re able to make those connections because our medical communications, digital, advertising, public relations, data science, research and market access specialists work closely with each other and with healthcare experts, including physicians, pharmacists and advocates. Together, we are the connected healthcare partner tapping rich insights to drive innovation, change behavior and pioneer a new era of accountable marketing. Syneos Health Communications is powered by Syneos Health, a global professional services organization designed to help the biopharmaceutical industry shorten the distance from lab to life. WORK HERE MATTERS EVERYWHERE | How will you accelerate bringing new therapies to patients? Syneos Health is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer (Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled) #LI KM Technology Machine Learning Engineer Jersey City, NJ or New York, NY, USA Role: Develop scalable tools leveraging machine learning and deep learning models to solve real world problems in areas such as Speech Recognition, Natural Language Processing and Time Series predictions sophisticated machine learning methods to banking applications including risk assessment, trading models, customer relationship management, and pricing models Create an effective roadmap towards the deployment of a production level machine learning application. Skills & Qualifications: MS or PhD in a Quantitative Discipline, eg. Computer Science, Mathematics, Operations Research, Data Science Experience in Deep Learning: DNN, CNN, RNN/LSTM, GAN or other auto encoder (AE). Strong knowledge and ability to code in Python, Java or C++ Extensive experience with machine learning APIs and computational packages (TensorFlow, Theano, PyTorch, Keras, Scikit Learn, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, statsmodels). Familiarity with basic data table operations (SQL, Hive, etc.) Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, SparkML This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Advanced knowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Understanding of architecture and design across all systems Working proficiency in developmental toolsets Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals, and passionate about building an innovative culture Proficiency in one or more modern programming languages including Java Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance and software improvement Experience in software engineering to include implementation of highly scalable systems, release management, software configuration, design, development and implementation Strong understanding of Java concurrency, concurrency patterns, experience building thread safe code Expert level experience designing and building REST and SOAP web services using Java @ internet scale Strong understanding of domain driven design, Microservices patterns and architectures Experience implementing API gateway products like Apigee, frameworks/tools like Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Spring Security, Spring Batch, Spring Web Services preferred. Experience with No SQL databases ie. Cassandra and Message streaming using Kafka is plus Strong understanding of building Cloud Native and supporting Cloud Ready systems Experience implementing container applications using Docker , Cloud Foundry and Kubernetes is plus Expereince using logging and monitoring tools ie Splunk, ELK, Dynatrace, Grafana is plus JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans Vroom is an innovative end to end ecommerce company that is revolutionizing the car buying experience. Our scalable, data driven technology brings all phases of the vehicle buying and selling process to consumers wherever they are and offers an extensive selection of vehicles, transparent pricing, competitive financing, and contact free, at home pick up and delivery. We have experienced tremendous growth and have become a disruptive force in the automotive industry. Vroom is an exciting, dynamic workplace, and there's no better time to join the team than right now. Join our pit crew of talented Senior Back End Software Engineers transforming the auto sales industry by creating a state of the art e commerce solution to the traditional car buying experience. You’ll be responsible for building, owning, and shipping products. As a member of our growing engineering team, you’ll play a pivotal role in establishing our product offerings and technical architecture. You’ll be focused on creating real impact! We’re looking for great engineers who think about scalable distributed systems, highly fault tolerant services, and Vroom’s data collection and storage needs. Responsibilities Architect, design, develop, deploy and maintain scalable software and services Collaborate directly with Tech and Product Leads to develop and maintain cutting edge software Design and implement high availability services and microservices Develop core platform services and back end APIs Qualifications BA/BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science 3+ years of Software Engineering experience Strong software design skills; database modeling a plus Experience with Go (Golang), JavaScript, Python, Java, or C/C++ Openness to learning new programming languages Experience with distributed systems Docker and/or Kubernetes experience a plus AWS and/or GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Linux/Unix Experience building scalable web architecture and distributed systems We value your personal growth, and will gladly train you on any of our technologies that you don’t currently have. Ours is a culture where your voice will be heard, and you’ll be able to see the result of your work! We’re one of the few players in the ecommerce automotive space. As a member of our crew, you will become an industry expert. Benefits This full time role offers competitive compensation; health, dental, and vision insurance; a 401k plan; fully company paid short term disability, long term disability, and life insurance; access to a healthcare concierge service with virtual visits; and 15 annualized days of paid vacation. But our biggest benefit is being part of a low ego, high performing team that's transforming the used car market into a modern, online and data driven industry. We are looking for people who want to be a part of a contemporary startup culture. What gets us out of bed is working with talented people on a mission that matter Commitment to Diversity and Equal Employment Opportunity Vroom is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to creating a work environment where all employees can find their drive. To do that, we champion a workplace where each and every person is treated with dignity and respect and is valued for their unique perspective and contributions. Our values of SPEED: Service, Progress, Employees, Engagement, and Development are only possible in an environment where every individual has the ability to bring their whole selves to work and contribute fully. Vroom’s policy is to maintain a working environment that encourages mutual respect, promotes harmonious and congenial relationships between employees, and is free from all forms of discrimination and harassment of any employee (or applicant for employment or service provider) by anyone, including supervisors, co workers, vendors, or clients. Harassment and discrimination in any manner or form is expressly prohibited. There is no tolerance for discrimination or unequal treatment of any kind on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, sexual and reproductive health decisions, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status or civil partnership/union status, familial status, military or veteran status, predisposition or carrier status, domestic violence victim status, alienage or citizenship status, unemployment status, sexual violence or stalking victim status, caregiver status, or any other characteristic protected by law. This practice applies to all terms, conditions and privileges of employment including, but not limited to, recruitment, selection, promotion, demotion, transfer, layoff, rehire, termination of employment, development and training, compensation, benefits and retirement. About CharterUP CharterUP aims to be the leading charter bus platform in the world and is looking for people that want to be along for the ride! We are disrupting the highly fragmented bus industry by connecting supply side bus companies to demand side clients (corporations, non profits, and governmental entities). We strive towards having as many enthusiastic customers as possible, which leads to increased group travel and a greener earth. About This Role We are looking to add a Junior Back End Software Engineer to the team. You will be working with top notch talent that includes both our internal team as well as some of the brightest contractors. No member is an island. At CharterUP you will be a part of a team with deep knowledge of all areas of software development. Our team embraces Agile methodologies and is quick to adapt. We use a wide range of languages and tools. Our latest products are finely crafted weblications that empower our users. We are passionate about user experience. And we are excited about showing up to code. You can expect to be challenged. You can expect your contributions to be accepted and appreciated. And you can expect your skills to become even sharper. Iron sharpens iron. We are looking for someone who understands software architecture, data modeling, and object oriented programming concepts. You must be a coder. We would love to see examples of interesting solutions you've created. Compensation $70,000 base salary Material equity award with standard vesting What You’ll Do Efficiently roll out technical features from concept to product Collaborate with a team to develop our next generation travel platform Develop tooling and processes to benefit and grow our team What You’ll Need Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar STEM degree from a top ranked institution Back end expertise in Java Spring Boot or Hibernate Willingness to develop front end proficiency in Vue, React, or Angular Potential to quickly develop expertise in any part of our tech stack where you have limited experience Location Every new hire, regardless of location, will work remotely for at least the next few months until it is safe to return to the office nationwide. After the COVID situation passes, CharterUP prefers relocation to Atlanta. However, long term CharterUP is open to employees working remotely or from CharterUP's satellite offices in SF and NYC. Tech Team Application Process Candidate submits CharterUP online application Resumes encouraged to be at most one page in length Initial evaluation Candidate may be asked to submit a sample of their work or complete a quick hack Interviews Candidate to meet with various members of the dev team, including CTO, product leads, and senior engineers Candidate to meet with founder, head of recruiting, or other members of the executive team Testing Coding exercise General aptitude assessment Offer Background and reference checks prior to formal offer CharterUP Principles At CharterUP, we don’t compromise on quality. We hire smart, high energy, trustworthy people and keep them as motivated and happy as possible. Do that by adhering to our principles, which are: Customer First We always think about how our decisions will impact our clients; earning and keeping customer trust is our top priority We are not afraid of short term pain for long term customer benefit Create an Environment for Exceptional People We foster intellectual curiosity We identify top performers, mentor them, and empower them to achieve Every hire and promotion will have a higher standard Everyone is an Entrepreneur / Owner No team member is defined by their function or job title; no job is beneath anyone We do more with less; we are scrappy and inventive We think long term Relentlessly High Standards We don’t accept “that’s how it’s always been done”; we constantly innovate and question established routines to improve processes We actively push to be proved wrong and welcome different ideas; the best idea wins We don’t compromise on quality Clarity & Speed When in doubt, we act; we can always change course We focus on the key drivers of a process that will deliver the most results Mandate to Dissent & Commit We are confident in expressing our opinions; it is our obligation to express our disagreement Once we decide, we enthusiastically move together in the agreed upon direction Powered by JazzHR yUSNiBhisQ POSITION SUMMARY Quanta Magazine seeks a talented interactive web developer with a strong interest or background in science, math, design and media. In addition to working with Quanta ’s award winning editorial staff to dream up and create high impact interactive features, explainers and templates, this developer will collaborate with other in house developers and production staff to conceive and implement new and improved website features to better serve the magazine’s growing audience. The interactive developer will be a skilled coder, creative problem solver and tech savvy designer who is enthusiastic about Quanta ’s mission to illuminate basic science and math research through public service journalism. Devotion to the highest standards in interactive web design, media ethics and scientific accuracy are a must. This full time position will report to the Web Development Team Lead and to Quanta ’s Editor in Chief and will be based at the Simons Foundation offices in New York City. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS/RESPONSIBILITIES Research, plan and execute interactive content and front end development for Quanta ’s website, built on WordPress with a React front end. Work closely and collaboratively with editors, reporters, art staff and other developers. Effectively manage priorities for multiple concurrent projects Adapt to changing requirements Perform any other duties or tasks as assigned or required MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Experience and Skills: At least three years’ experience in interactive/front end development and data visualization, preferably in a scientific or science media setting. Fluent in HTML5, CSS, Javascript, D3js and/or similar data visualization libraries. Experience working on user interfaces and sensitive to the needs of a diverse set of users (in terms of accessibility and ease of use) Attentive to creating experiences that work well on a wide variety of devices Familiarity with Wordpress, Reactjs, PHP a plus. Must be detail oriented, organized, an excellent communicator. Must be an effective team player and have the ability to coordinate interactive and web development projects with editors, reporters and art staff. REQUIRED APPLICATION MATERIALS Résumé Cover letter At least three web development samples Five interactive work samples that demonstrate a strong command of front end development, data visualization and interactive storytelling techniques. ABOUT QUANTA Quanta Magazine is an award winning, editorially independent online publication launched by the Simons Foundation to enhance public understanding of science. Our reporters and editors focus on developments in mathematics, theoretical physics, theoretical computer science and the basic life sciences, with an emphasis on delivering timely, accurate, in depth and well crafted articles for our broad, discerning audience. Among other awards and accolades for its science journalism, Quanta was awarded a 2020 National Magazine Award for general excellence. Quanta has syndication partnerships with Wired , The Atlantic , Scientific American , The Washington Post and other publications, has published two books ( Alice and Bob Meet the Wall of Fire and The Prime Number Conspiracy ) and our articles have been translated into several languages. THE SIMONS FOUNDATION’S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT Many of the greatest ideas and discoveries come from a diverse mix of minds, backgrounds and experiences, and we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment. The Simons Foundation actively seeks a diverse applicant pool and encourages candidates of all backgrounds to apply. We provide equal opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic disposition, neurodiversity, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under federal, state and local law. Backend engineers at viagogo work on a variety of teams that are responsible for building the software and infrastructure that powers a user's journey from thinking about going to an event to having the time of their life in front row seats! Success in this role requires a passion for both technology and using it to solve business challenges. Some of the challenges our engineers work on include: ingesting and categorizing millions of events across the globe, automated advertising to user's all over the world, processing payments in almost every currency and payment method, integrating with local and global delivery services to get tickets from sellers to buyers. We've found that these areas pose really interesting challenges when done at scale! The only way to gain experience is by having tried and failed multiple times, so we'll expect you to have plenty of war stories to share with us about the times when it didn't work out quite as planned, and what you learned. We like teammates who know the pros and cons of the approaches to problem solving and tools they use. About You: Consistently been drawn to larger projects or more difficult engineering challenges with increasing amounts of risk/load/complexity/autonomy (or similar dimensions). Likely are a specialist in one or more areas but we like to talk to generalists too. Will be working alongside individuals who have extreme depth in areas like SQL Server performance, ASP MVC and Web API, or performant C# code – As a senior backend engineer you'll be expected to work on problems at every stage of the agile life cycle from understanding the business challenge to implementing and maintaining production systems. You might: Add resilience (circuit breakers, bulk head isolation, etc) to a pipeline of data through several .NET 47.2 and .NET Core micro services which produces millions of requests to Google, Microsoft and Facebook APIs every day Design and implement a strategy for moving an architecture of Windows Services running on dedicated servers to a horizontally scalable, Microsoft Azure based, architecture Design an architecture (application level and data storage level) for supporting analytical queries over a large dataset (TBs) and operational queries over a minimal subset of the data Our Tech: Our website and mobile applications currently serve millions of fans in over 160 countries, 50 languages, and supports almost every currency. Behind this, our distributed platform consists of several applications that communicate with each other via message brokers (like Azure EventHubs and RabbitMQ) and RESTful APIs. viagogo predominantly utilizes Microsoft technologies, such as Windows, .NET, C# and IIS. However, we’re not afraid to use the right tool for the job. We use RabbitMQ for some of our internal pub/sub messaging, Redis for local caching, and gRPC for high performance out of process calls. Our distributed platform consists of several applications that communicate with each other via message brokers (RabbitMQ/Azure EventHubs/SQL Service Broker) and RESTful APIs. Our backend applications are .NET Core. At the database layer, we deploy a high availability configuration using availability groups. These support everything from high volume transactions to decision support/telemetry analytics. We're increasingly taking advantage of the Azure cloud to enable hybrid or cloud only scenarios that support our global growth, and ability to quickly respond to surges in demand. viagogo is the leading global marketplace for music, sports, and entertainment tickets. We have finalized a deal to acquire StubHub and look forward to continuing our market leadership. Despite our rapid growth while revolutionizing a 100 billion dollar industry, we maintain our start up ethos and data driven, collaborative culture. We believe that small, cross functional teams can achieve extraordinary results. Fans from nearly every country in the world can find millions of tickets to their favorite events in the language, currency, and with the device of their choice. We provide the widest possible choice of tickets to events around the world and help ticket sellers reach a global audience. viagogo has partnered with many of the world’s leading brands in sports and entertainment while helping fans access unforgettable experiences. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity on our team. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. CBS BUSINESS UNIT: Simon & Schuster JOB TYPE: Full Time Staff JOB SCHEDULE: Full Time JOB LOCATION: New York, NY ABOUT US: Simon & Schuster, a division of ViacomCBS, is a global leader in the field of general interest publishing, dedicated to providing the best in fiction and nonfiction for consumers of all ages, across all printed, electronic, and audio formats. Its divisions include Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing, Simon & Schuster Children’s Publishing, Simon & Schuster Audio, Simon & Schuster Digital, and international companies in Australia, Canada, India and the United Kingdom. DESCRIPTION: Scrum/XP/Agile team in midtown Manhattan is looking for an experienced Rubyist or experienced Java/C#/Python developer interested in learning Ruby. We are an established, four developer Scrum/XP team. Our team contains experienced Rails developers who program, extensively test and deploy predictably on a weekly iteration cycle. We emphasize work/life balance, sustainable pace and collaborative feature development in a collegial environment. Work entails creating and maintaining Ruby on Rails websites and other consumer digital products for Simon & Schuster, a leading English Language trade publisher. Position reports directly to VP Technology for Simon & Schuster Digital. Simon & Schuster is a women run organization, an equal opportunity employer and a part of ViacomCBS Corporation. We mostly code in Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, CSS, HTML5 and test code using RSpec, Capybara. We work closely with our hosting provider so knowledge of Chef, Redis, MySQL, and NginX is a plus. Join a good team. Get a full time job with benefits. Help us figure out the future of trade publishing. Gain access to Simon & Schuster’s thousands of books through our employee physical and ebook programs. QUALIFICATIONS: 3 5 years professional experience working with Ruby on Rails or equivalent experience in object oriented languages such as Java, Python, C# or PHP and demonstrated willingness to learn Ruby. Interpersonal skills to collaborate closely with cross functional team and to communicate with executive sponsors. Experience with Agile Extreme Programming (XP) development and Scrum lifecycle practices, or a strong desire to learn including: agile product teams, test driven development, continuous integration, iterative delivery and retrospection. Ability to work on site in Midtown Manhattan. Good understanding of front end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3. Familiarity with concepts of MVC, Mocking, ORM, and RESTful. Experience implementing responsive designs using an existing frameworks or pure CSS. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git. A knack for writing clean, readable and maintainable Ruby code. Other Experience Experience with libraries such as Redis, Rspec, Mocha, Capybara. Experience with optimizing MySQL databases; NoSQL and/or PostgreSQL a plus. Experience with Resque or other background job frameworks. Familiarity with ONIX for Books to communicate book information in electronic form. Experience with data design and/or modeling. Ability to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system. Ability to implement automated testing platforms and unit tests. Familiarity with pair programming. FUNCTION: Software Engineering EEO Statement: ViacomCBS is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet. At ViacomCBS, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. ViacomCBS is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access wwwviacbs.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212846.5500 or by sending an email to viacomaccommodations@viacomcom. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned. About The Opportunity: Grubhub is dedicated to connecting hungry diners with our wide network of restaurants across the country. Our innovative technology, easy to use platforms, and streamlined delivery capabilities make us an industry leader today, and in the future of online food ordering. We strive to create a workplace that reflects the diversity of our customers and the communities we serve. When you join our team, you become part of a community that works together to innovate, solve problems, take risks, grow, work hard and have a ton of fun in the process! Why Work For Us We have a fast paced environment and that is what our teams thrive on. Grubhub believes in empowering people and offering opportunities for development, as well as professional growth. We value strong, positive relationships in all areas: with each other, our customers and our greater community. Want to be a part of a team of diverse collaborators in an authentically fun culture? If so, we want to talk to you and hear what’s your favorite restaurant for food delivery! The Content Team at Grubhub helps catalog and serve menu content for all the Restaurants on the Grubhub platform. Our services serve millions of requests per day for restaurant availability and content. If you're an engineer interested in high scale web services and influencing a crucial part of our product this team is for you! The Impact You Will Make: Help build low latency, high throughput RESTful services Contribute to the content platform, software frameworks and SDK’s Communicate with leadership, product owners, other technologists, and users to create working software based on an understanding of business and technical priorities Help build systems that integrate with many other real time data sources and services Contribute to the optimization of the service runtime for performance and scale What You Bring to the Table: Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Programming, or Engineering related field 2+ years experience large scale distributed real time systems, consumer facing applications (e commerce preferred) Programming experience on the JVM (Java/Scala) or similar modern object oriented language Experience developing testable, fault tolerant, and performant software AWS experience, or similar cloud based offerings Experience working with eventually consistent databases (Cassandra/MongoDB/CouchDB) Experience with scale and volume mobile backed systems a plus And Of Course, Perks!: Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees are provided a generous amount of time to recharge their batteries Health and Wellness. We provide programs that support your overall well being such as generous medical benefits, employee network groups, company wide fitness challenges, and a comfortable and casual workplace! We also support our parents by offering 8 weeks of paid parent bonding time, a 4 week returnship program, and 6 8 weeks paid medical leave Learning and Career Growth. Your personal and professional development is a priority at Grubhub. From day one, we empower you to lead and be an active participant in your career growth. We provide continuous learning opportunities, training, and coaching and mentorship programs MealPerks. Who’s ready for some lunch? We provide our employees with a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants. We also offer company wide meals several times a year to bring our Grubhub family together Fun. Every Grubhub office has an employee led Culture Crew that connects people through fun, meaningful events and initiatives. Some of our popular past events include: Wing eating contests, Grubtoberfest, 5k Runs, Bring Your Child to Work Day, regular happy hours, and more! Social Impact. We believe in the importance of serving the communities that support our business. In addition, employees are given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them Remote Working. No need to be NYC or Chicago based feel free to work remotely from the comfort of your home. Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the US. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhubcom and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address. CA Privacy Notice: If you are a resident of the State of California and would like a copy of our CA privacy notice, please email privacy@grubhubcom. Business Unit: ABOUT THE OPPORTUNITY: FreeWheel is hiring a New York based Software Engineer. FreeWheel helps the television industry generate revenue from their premium content through a robust technology platform, which enables consumers to watch entertainment on any devices from PC, mobile, set top box to traditional TV. FreeWheel New York Engineering Team is part of our global engineering team who are building advanced and high quality applications, servers and tools to manage million dollar orders, handle billions of daily requests and process tera bytes of raw daily data. RESPONSIBILITIES: Build implementation code, test and peer code review with Go programming language Experience with React is a plusAnalyze product spec, write and review technical specs for backend server application Interface with global engineering, product and operation teams in US/EU/China to incorporate their innovations and vice versa Improve performance, availability and scalability of our systems and services ABOUT YOU: 3+ years experience of developing and debugging server application or web service with some or all of Python, Go, C and C++1+ year experience with Go is highly preferred, but ok if having solid C/C++/Python experience and happy to switch Experience with React/multi threading/TCP IP/HTTP/SQL/XML/Linux is highly preferredDemonstrated ability in handling mission critical, high performance Internet products with complex algorithms and featuresKnown for smart, logical thinking, interest and enthusiasm Detail oriented, flexible and can work well in a global team oriented environment Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer Xandr’s mission is to build a better Internet. We develop a technology platform that powers the real time sale and purchase of Digital Advertising. Our platform is engineered to provide one of the fastest, most reliable, and massively scaled advertising systems in the industry. Xandr is seeking a Software Engineer to join the Creative team. Creatives (or Digital Ads) are the transactional unit of Online Advertising; they are what the user sees. Being that creatives are a core part of our clients’ buying strategies, our products are some of the most heavily used on the platform. We strive to provide intuitive interfaces and optimize our workflows to reduce errors and time to complete tasks. In this role you will work in a small but highly effective and agile team comprised of smart, passionate Engineers to bring products from inception to production. We strongly believe that collaboration enables better products, so you will work closely with Product Managers, UX designers, and other engineers to design solutions. As our applications continue to evolve, you will have a significant voice in shaping our best practices and tooling. About the job: Collaborate with Engineers on the team to build intuitive products that address the needs of our customersWrite code at all levels of the stack, from user interface to SQL query to backend codeParticipate in design and code reviews to ensure the quality of the products we deliverMentor more junior engineers on designing robust applications and implementing maintainable codeDeliver well tested, maintainable and robust code About the team: We are a diverse group of Software Engineers, Product Managers, Project managers, and DesignersOur backgrounds are varied, and while some of us have relevant degrees, others went to bootcamps or are self taughtWhile we are all currently working remotely, most of us are based in NYC or BrazilWe constantly refine our process and strive to do betterMany of us like puzzles and riddles – you may or may not like them as well – either is OK! About your experience and skills: Minimum 3 (or more) years of experience in a professional software engineering capacity building web applicationsExperience with building scalable web services preferredExperience with any technology in our stack preferred: JavaScript, Java, PHP, Python, or CExperience with databases preferred: MySQL, CassandraExperience planning and implementing cross functional projects, spanning multiple components, that deliver high quality products on timeExperience contributing to long lived enterprise web applications More about you: You are excited about writing concise code with clean and simple interfacesYou are passionate about learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve and sharing your knowledge to empower othersYou are always looking to improve how things are done and what is builtYou care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long term solutions for the whole ecosystem **Please note: We are NOT currently accepting unsolicited Staffing Agency/Vendor candidates at this time. Xandr / Warner Media / AT&T will not be responsible for any candidates submitted without prior written authorization.** MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: CONSUMER (MARCUS BY GOLDMAN SACHS) Marcus by Goldman Sachs is the firm’s consumer business, combining the entrepreneurial spirit of a startup with 150 years of experience. Today, Marcus has $90 billion in deposits, $7 billion in loan balances and 4 million customers across our lending and deposits businesses, as well as the personal financial management app, Clarity Money. Through the use of insights and intuitive design, we provide customers with powerful tools and products that are grounded in value, transparency and simplicity. We are backed by our unique team, comprised of individual contributors from leading agile technology companies, fintechs and consumer financial services companies, allowing us to disrupt the industry, while helping consumers take control of their financial lives. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: MARCUS: CARDS ENGINEERING Marcus by Goldman Sachs is a consumer fintech division of the company. We help millions of consumers with multitude of financial products, like lending, deposits, financial tools, and cards. Our partnership with Apple on Apple Card resulted in one of industry's largest and most successful credit card launches. We use modern architecture principles, collaborative development processes and continuous delivery approach. Key tenets we apply when designing systems for our customers are value, transparency and simplicity. To achieve those we rely heavily on decisions driven by data and automated with help of predictive analytics and machine learning. As we build a leading digital consumer bank and expand into new products and partnerships, we welcome leaders and contributors to join our team. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS The characters we appreciate are those of inspiring leaders and engineers with deep appreciation for their craft. We need system designers ready to own the product life cycle from inception to running in production. Great collaborators and team players will thrive and grow in this environment. HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL You will develop financial products with direct impact on millions of consumers Systems under your watch will be the primary sources of revenue for the organization You build it: engineers are in control of decisions about systems they own from the first line of code written You run it: engineers with assistance from global SRE guild are responsible for operation of systems they built You own it: engineers do not wait for orders here. They do research, pitch projects. Great ideas are valued and implemented Professional network: you will meet and collaborate with very influential people within the global organization and the entire industry Every person is a first class member of the team irrespective of location. Same caliber of work is given to engineers located in US, Europe and Asia SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Minimum 5+ years of relevant professional experience S. or higher in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience) Experience in one or more of JVM languages: Java, Scala, Kotlin, Clojure Practical knowledge of Spring framework Familiar with one or more of the following: distributed systems, transactional services, NoSQL databases, distributed messaging Strong written and verbal communication skills Culture of excellence and collaboration Practiced lean methodologies, like Scrum, Kanban or XP Ability to proactively establish trust with stakeholders up to executive level VPExposure to tech leadership/architecture responsibilities Preferred Qualifications Experience with using Kafka as messaging middleware Familiarity with high scale NoSQL solutions like MongoDB Expertise in delivering SOA or microservices architecture Understanding of principles of Continuous Delivery, Devops and System Reliability Engineering Cloud infrastructure expertise, preferably AWS Experience in designing distributed systems Practical Test Driven Development High scale performance optimizations Fintech experience will be a great asset ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: CONSUMER AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT DIVISION (CIMD) The Consumer and Investment Management Division includes Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), Private Wealth Management (PWM) and our Consumer business (Marcus by Goldman Sachs). We provide asset management, wealth management and banking expertise to consumers and institutions around the world. CIMD partners with various teams across the firm to help individuals and institutions navigate changing markets and take control of their financial lives. ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Better is redefining homeownership and making it simpler, faster—and most importantly—more accessible for everyone. We leverage technology and expertise to find ways that we can make the homebuying journey more approachable and understandable. Right now we’re funding over $2 billion in home loans per month We’ve funded over $14 billion in loans and $35 billion in insurance We ranked #1 in the US. on LinkedIn's Top Startups 2020 We ranked #11 on Fortune’s Best Places to Work in Financial Services 2020 Our Founder and CEO was named in Comparably's Top 25 CEOs for Diversity We were listed to Forbes’ FinTech 50 2020 And #15 on the 2020 CNBC Disruptor 50 We’ve secured over $254 million from our investors to date Our company is made up of driven, passionate people who bring their unique backgrounds and perspectives to everything we do and we are committed to fostering diversity, multiculturalism, and inclusion. We see the perspectives that each person brings and a diverse workforce as essential for individual and collective success. We believe it’s important to foster a company culture that encourages curiosity and passion—from employee resource groups and learning opportunities to team outings and community outreach. A Better opportunity: Help us hack a thirteen trillion dollar industry by building a product that will allow more people than ever before to own a home and build wealth rather than rent for life. Our tech team is small but growing, and you will be a big part of defining the technical direction and culture! We encourage proposals for projects off the beaten path, experimentation with different frameworks and libraries, and doing as you see fit to solve problems! Basic Qualifications: 5+ years of experience in coding in at least one modern lang such as Python, Java, Scala, Nodejs 3+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design of new and existing systems (architecture, design patterns, reliability, and scaling) Experience in building complex production software systems Preferred Qualifications: Demonstrated ability to mentor and develop other team members including junior software engineers Experience defining system architecture(s) and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs and capabilities Startup mindset, ownership, and a proper balance of quality and sense of urgency! The Better mission is rooted in values that drive us. We do what’s in the best interest of the consumer, not ourselves We have growth mindsets, not fixed ones We believe that success lies in execution, not credentials We act like owners, not just employees We work to find answers on our own, not wait for them to be given to us We optimize for mission, not ego Our mission speaks for itself—we continue to outpace the industry at every turn. We’ve recently joined forces in partnership with Ally Bank, and our backers have helped build some of the most transformative tech and finance companies in history. Kleiner Perkins, Goldman Sachs, American Express, Citigroup, Activant Capital, Ally Bank, and others have invested in our vision for what homeownership can be. Better is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion or religious creed, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, marital status, family or parental status, disability, military or veteran status, age, or any other basis protected by law. All employment decisions at Better are based on a person’s merit, business needs, and role requirements. Depending on your location, the California Consumer Privacy Act or other laws may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. For further information on how we collect data of job applicants, please click here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. Ascend Learning is a national leader in data driven, online educational solutions for learners, educators and employers in high growth, licensure driven professions spanning healthcare, fitness and wellness, skilled trades, insurance and financial services. We are passionate about accelerating learning while impacting job readiness, employment success and employee retention with the belief that our work changes lives. Our culture is intentionally results driven and selfless with a relentless focus on our customers. We believe in trust, transparency, freedom and responsibility with a commitment to meritocracy, inclusion and diversity of thought. Continual investment in our over 1400 employees is also a core principal realized through ongoing professional development and providing opportunities to grow, develop and lead. Ascend Learning is headquartered in Burlington, MA with additional office locations and remote workers in cities across the US. and in the UK. Job Overview BoardVitals is the Leader in Online Medical and Healthcare Specialty Examinations and Continuing Education. BoardVitals helps practitioners prepare for licensing and initial certification exams, maintenance of certification (MOC) requirements, and continuing professional education, covering more than 60 specialty areas and exams. BoardVitals brings together the best content from major publishers, faculty at top teaching programs, and leading specialists to create the largest and most up to date training ecosystem in healthcare and has consistent strong double digit growth. The BoardVitals development team is currently six engineers and we’re looking to grow the team. This is a fast paced environment where each developer carries a significant amount of responsibility. The role is a mix of building new features while also helping us scale through a fast growth ramp. Sample projects in the past have included building out a computer adaptive testing engine, re architecting the foundational application experience, and building out elements of a learning management system. Developers at BoardVitals are highly involved in the decision making process. The role includes executing development tasks, contributing to architecture plans, and responding quickly to client needs. A successful candidate will have strong technical skills and the ability to interact with many different departments across the company. BoardVitals is built on Heroku, AWS, Ruby on Rails, PSQL, and React. At a minimum, the developer will be experienced in Ruby and a Javascript framework. Experience using Git/Github is a must have. Responsibilities Report directly to the Head of Engineering Working with a product owner to prioritize company needs Developing new features for institutional clients, nurses, doctors, and other healthcare professionals Building out learning management system/classroom functionality Maintaining an active testing suite as well as a strong QA process that the developer will be personally responsible for Managing and maintaining an active codebase Responding quickly to changes Contributing to 100% site uptime and proper backup and redundancy procedures Participating in usability, user testing, and feedback loops Requirements 3 5 Years of Development Experience 2 4 Years of Ruby on Rails Development Experience 1 2 Years of Javascript (preferably React) Experience Strong technical and interpersonal references A passion for education and healthcare are important. This company was founded to save lives and train better doctors, and we need someone who cares about what we do. Education/Experience Bachelor’s Degree Required, Master’s Preferred Ascend Learning, LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (M/F/Vets/Disabled). No agency or search firm submissions will be accepted. Applications for US. based positions with Ascend Learning, LLC must be legally authorized to work in the United States and verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Global Liquid Markets, LLC dba GLMX LLC in New York, NY is an independent Financial technology firm that offers integrated trading solutions designed for participants in the institutional money market. We are seeking Senior Software Engineers to join our top notch engineers developing our proprietary software across the stack. Individuals will apply advanced theoretical knowledge of computer science and engineering principles and concepts, as well as experience with backend services and front end application tools, to perform the duties of the position. Job duties and responsibilities include: Gather requirements for building software applications and features. Develop backend services using Go. Develop front end applications running on the browser utilizing Angular. Perform API integrations with customers. Review and perform quality assurance for the completed software applications and features. Involved in deployment of new applications and features. This position does not directly supervise or manage any other employees. Minimum Requirements Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Applications, Software or Computer Engineering or any related IT or Engineering field of study, plus at least two (2) years of experience in the job offered or in any related position(s). Qualified candidates must also have demonstrable knowledge, experience, and proficiency with the following: Demonstrated proficiency developing and running custom algorithms. One or more of the following programming languages: JavaScript, TypeScript, Java and Go. Front end programming technologies including Angular and JavaScript. Creating custom database queries for financial information. Job Type: Full time Salary: $120,00000 to $170,00000 /year The New York Times Research & Development team is seeking a software engineer to architect and build technical prototypes designed to illustrate potential journalistic use cases for new technologies. This role works closely with others on the R&D team to explore future formats and workflows for journalism. This position is based in our NYC location. Who you are You enjoy owning applications from front to back, as part of a team. You will work to imagine, architect, build, deploy and iterate software projects. You should be comfortable executing projects by yourself and enjoy collaboration with a larger team. You’re interested in applying engineering skills to solve journalistic problems. We strive to build new experiences that will shape the way we do journalism in 2019 and beyond. You understand the importance of deadlines: we’ll trust you to deliver. You’re both curious and skeptical of emerging technologies. You’re excited to apply new tools, but strive to do so in service of solving actual problems and making a difference for your end users. You enjoy the process of defining what an application does, as well as its mechanics. You should be comfortable guiding a development path from prototype stage through to deployment in a production environment. You’re excited about working in interdisciplinary teams. You will be collaborating with other designers and developers both within the R&D team as well as reporters, photographers and editors in the newsroom during the full lifecycle of a project. You take pride in your craft and understand the need to capture patterns and support future development. Your role will be to bring emerging technologies into focus by creating high quality technical research and prototypes, which can also be shared or packaged for reuse by other developers. What you’ll do Collaborate with your team to run experiments and turn forward looking concepts into production ready reality. Take ownership over the technical parts of projects and check in regularly with team members to ensure all aspects of the project are covered sufficiently. Prepare technical components of projects for open sourcing. Incorporate regular project feedback from key stakeholders in the newsroom. Document and write maintenance manuals for completed projects and internal projects. What you’ll bring Portfolio of personal and professional work 4+ years professional experience working with teams and delivering projects Hands on experience with some of: applying computer vision algorithms, android app development, knowledge of front end frameworks (eg. React/Vue/Svelte) and related web technologies (eg. Webpack), deploying containerized applications, streaming media protocols. Experience in seeing new product creation from start to finish Easygoing attitude, calm under pressure, and personable Exceptional organization and attention to detail Excellent spoken and written communication A real passion for The New York Times’s mission To apply, in lieu of a cover letter, please provide work samples (code snippets, URLs, project summaries) describing your most relevant work for this position and how it expresses your approach to software engineering. This is a temporary position that is expected to last about 9 months. About the R&D team At The Times, technology permeates every aspect of our business, from our thought provoking coverage of technological trends to the digital first transformation of our own business to the changing world of our readers. The R&D team explores the new opportunities that emerging technologies may provide media organizations over the next 12 18 months. We want to improve our team by better reflecting our broad audience — if you’re a member of a community underrepresented in technology, we encourage you to apply. #LI AM1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. The Role: Senior Software Engineer The Location: New York, NY The Team: We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer with Java and Spring boot skills who will contribute and lead the application development of the product. Candidate should understand product vision and should be able to analyze requirements, design and implement enterprise level applications and follow agile methodology in a Scrum environment. Responsibilities: Analyze stories that have been written by Product Owner and perform an estimation of the complexity Setup a strategy to implement the stories. Build or Enhance features in respect to the stories with defensible coding strategies. Delivery with best quality. Provide support and maintenance. Collaborate effectively with technical and non technical stakeholders Follow agile best practices. Raise Concerns About Incomplete or Poor Requirements Attend all Scrum ceremonies Mentoring the junior developers Analyze and recommend solution design (Design Guidance) Ensure that team has an optimal breakdown of Tasks based off functionality or Make sure that code review tasks on all user stories are added and timely completed Ensures that scrum practices are followed and raise concern where you see an anomaly Ensures that team is following the Unit Testing. What We’re Looking For: A minimum of 7+ years of strong experience in application development. Proficient with software development lifecycle (SDLC) methodologies like Agile, Test driven development. Strong command in Java, Spring boot and Restful Services Experience working with AWS cloud. Good understanding of Design Principles & excellent communication skills Knowledge of system architecture, design patterns & ability to work in layered architecture: Presentation, Service, Business & Data. Experience working with Serverless, Elastic Search, Redis, NoSQL, Kubernetes Containers and Docker plus Nice to have JavaScript frameworks like React, HTML 5, CSS, XML/XSLT and JQuery Bachelor’s or master’s degree (or higher) in a relevant discipline, or equivalent work experience At S&P Global Platts, we provide the insights; you make better informed trading and business decisions with confidence. We’re the leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodities and energy markets. Customers in over 150 countries look to our expertise in news, pricing and analytics to deliver greater transparency and efficiency to markets. S&P Global Platts coverage includes oil and gas, power, petrochemicals, metals, agriculture and shipping. S&P Global Platts is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit wwwplatts.com. S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEOCompliance@spglobalcom and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://wwwdol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopostpdf describes discrimination protections under federal law. BuzzFeed BuzzFeed is the world's leading independent digital media and tech company, with a cross platform news and entertainment network that reaches hundreds of millions of people globally and spreads Joy and Truth across the internet. Our portfolio of brands are household names that people rely on to inform and entertain, including: BuzzFeed, BuzzFeed News, Tasty, Nifty, Bring Me, Cocoa Butter, Pero Like, Worth It, and Unsolved to name a few! These properties and their Creators reach over 134M people a month through articles, lists, videos, animations, quizzes, podcasts, original series, newsletters and more. The Role The BuzzFeed Data Group is looking for a full stack software engineer to join its Data Accessibility team. This team builds various internal tools, dashboards, and systems to provide access to nearly 1 PB of data and empower stakeholders across the business, content, and tech organizations to make informed decisions and build data driven products. This role presents an opportunity for high impact as you'll help to shape the frontend engineering vision for these tools while also contributing to the backend systems which power them. You'll report to a Senior Engineering Manager in New York, surrounded by passionate people who are generous with their time and want to help you grow at BuzzFeed. You'll work with engineering, product, design, and data colleagues globally across time zones. We are currently working remotely, and we expect to eventually re open our offices when it is safe to return, in 2021. After re opening, candidates will be expected to come into the New York or Minneapolis office. You Will You'll own the frontend vision and implementation of our internal dashboard and reporting interfaces, with attention to performance, maintainability, and user experience You'll contribute to the maintenance and improvement of our backend data accessibility systems You'll work with other software engineers, designers, product managers, and data analysts to understand and shape work before it becomes code and after it ships to production You'll reach across the entire tech stack at BuzzFeed and get a deep understanding of large scale media companies' architecture and operations You Have Significant coding experience on the frontend and have delivered complex initiatives to production The ability to build inclusive, accessible systems and are comfortable making informed product decisions in their pursuit You are a passionate and empathetic engineer who enjoys contributing to and leading technical projects and working with engineers at all levels You value testing, instrument and document your work You adapt quickly to change and love to ship and iterate, building on new user research, insights and data About the Products Our data infrastructure is built on GCP with BigQuery serving as our data warehouse. This data is surfaced to stakeholders through our internal tools as well as business intelligence tools like Looker, Mode, and DataStudio. Our frontend consists of several JS frameworks, such as React, Preact, and T3 Our backend services are written in Python, Go, or Node depending on the scope and context of the service Monitoring and instrumentation is essential for our advertising stack. We use a combination of Datadog, Sentry, and proprietary services We believe in ownership over the entire engineering cycle the same engineers architect, build, test, deploy, monitor, and run their services using containers on AWS/GCP All job applications must be received through the official BuzzFeed Jobs board (https://wwwbuzzfeed.com/about/jobs), including referrals. It is BuzzFeed's practice to not schedule job interviews until after an application is submitted through our jobs board. Life at BuzzFeed At BuzzFeed, we believe our work benefits from the diverse perspectives of our employees. As such, BuzzFeed celebrates inclusion and is committed to equal opportunity employment. At BuzzFeed, you can expect: A supportive, inclusive atmosphere on a team that values your contributions Opportunities for personal and professional growth via work experience, offerings from our in house Learning @ BuzzFeed team, our Employee Resource Groups, and more An attractive and equitable compensation package, including salary and stock options A generous and well rounded benefits program featuring PTO, unlimited sick time, comprehensive medical benefits, a family leave policy, access to mental health platforms, retirement plans, gym and wellness discounts, and much more Plenty of snacks (healthy and indulgent), catered lunches, beverages, etc.. BuzzFeed is the world's leading tech powered media company, with a cross platform news and entertainment network that reaches hundreds of millions of people globally. The company aims to spread truth and joy across the internet by producing articles, lists, quizzes, videos, original series; lifestyle content through brands including Tasty, the world's largest social food network; original reporting and investigative journalism through BuzzFeed News; strategic partnerships, licensing and product development through BuzzFeed Marketing; and original productions across broadcast, cable, SVOD, film and digital platforms for BuzzFeed Studios. BuzzFeed is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability or any other protected category. Mailchimp is a leading marketing platform for small business. We empower millions of customers around the world to build their brands and grow their companies with a suite of marketing automation, multichannel campaign, CRM, and analytics tools. Platform engineering is a new group at Mailchimp focused on maintaining and improving our core components, and we are looking for a Senior level engineer to help us do it. This team is focused on our internal job running tool, which is critical for our engineers and our feature development. You can expect to own the implementation of our technical roadmap, empower other engineers, and design best practices. You will collaborate with teams throughout the company and represent our group in cross departmental projects. At Mailchimp, we value learning, collaboration and clarity. You'll find success here if you enjoy writing code, but you're aware that your job isn't only about shipping: you are a welcoming contributor that knows how to communicate with your team in order to provide great software. You prefer using proven technologies to solve interesting new problems. You've broken production environments—and then buckled down, fixed them and maybe you held a blameless post mortem about it! What You'll Do: Build a deep appreciation for the needs our job runner solves and own the implementation of features to address those needs Communicate and collaborate with other engineering teams to facilitate their usage of the job runner into their products Empower team members by providing technical mentorship, documentation, and testing infrastructure Ensure quality by performing thorough testing and leveraging peer reviews for your work and the work of cross functional teams Embrace and demonstrate our values: humility, creativity, and independence We'd Love to hear from you if: You have experience driving technical projects, prioritizing work, identifying dependencies, facilitating technical decision and cross functional team discussions You're experienced in designing and implementing application architectures and code that are highly scalable, available, maintainable, and performant You are comfortable working with and improving upon legacy systems and code You have experience with cloud computing platforms, ideally Google Cloud Platform Significant coding experience in Go, PHP, Python, or other languages that can be demonstrated through a portfolio of code You can work independently while also putting an emphasis on mentorship of those around you You are passionate about building and delivering great features for customers Mailchimp is a founder owned and highly profitable company. Our purpose is to empower the underdog, and our mission is to democratize cutting edge marketing technology for small business. We love Brooklyn and are happy to have a small but growing office with sunlight and views in the heart of Brooklyn Heights. We're centrally located at Cadman Plaza/Borough Hall, a short walk to the Brooklyn Promenade and within a few blocks of 9 subway lines (2, 3, 4, 5, N, A, C, F and R lines). Curious to how hiring has shifted related to COVID 19? Click here to find out more! Mailchimp is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We don't discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. New York, New York United States | Posted 09/30/20 Overview Here are the details: Title: Python Engineer Location: New York, NY Duration: 12 month contract Job Description: The top 3 MUST HAVE requirements of the position (years exp, technical, etc.) Masters Degree in Financial Engineering or similar field (math, physics, computer sci, etc) Python Coding Experience. Understanding of Derivatives(swaps, forwards, futures, etc), pricing models, and risk(stress, var) Regards, Viduth | Direct : +1 248 313 4594 | Email: ViduthSelvan@technosoftcorpcom | wwwtechnosoftcorp.com | Compensation: Competitive based on experience Desired Start Date: Immediately Location: New York, NY Position Description: You will be responsible for extending eBrevia’s core intelligent document analysis web application to include additional features needed to serve our current and future markets. Responsibilities: Work independently and as leader of a feature team to design and implement new functionality into eBrevia’s core product, a modern single page web application. Review code from junior engineers for correctness, security, and quality and assist in getting code production ready. Participate in design discussions with product manager and domain experts and assess feasibility of new products and features. Qualifications: Strong CS fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, performance characteristics) with a BS or graduate degree in Computer Science or related discipline. Demonstrated coding expertise, with minimum 3 years’ experience with Java/Javascript in nontrivial team software projects ideal, though we are language agnostic and will accept talented candidates with similar abilities in other languages. Fluency in UX and product design from an engineering perspective, and willingness to learn about the legal industry and our customers' needs, able to work directly with product managers and UI/UX designers. Ability to clearly communicate complex technical ideas to technical and non technical audience. Architecture and systems experience: must be able to build modules that are scalable, fault tolerant, as well as designing architectures that are intuitive and extensible for other engineers. Application Information: Please submit your resume to careers@ebreviacom. At Tecton, we are building a new kind of AI infrastructure that is transforming the way companies solve real world problems with machine learning at scale. Our founding team created Uber's Michelangelo ML Platform, which has become the blueprint for modern ML platforms in large organizations. We are well funded by top tier VCs, have paying enterprise customers, and have excellent engineering teams in SF and NYC. We have years of experience building and operating business critical machine learning systems at scale at places like Uber, Google, Facebook, Quora, and AdRoll. As an early member of Tecton's engineering team, you will play a critical role in designing, building, and scaling our platform. You will leverage your deep experience with data science, applied machine learning, and software engineering to design and build key capabilities of our platform. We are looking for exceptional engineers who are driven to find simple solutions to complex problems and who are excited to stretch themselves as part of a growing team at the intersection of systems, data, and machine learning. Bonus points if you have experience with any of the following: distributed systems, batch data processing, stream processing, database internals, query optimizers, query processing, data integration, recommender systems, information theory, or knowledge graphs. Snapchat is a camera and messaging app that connects people to their friends and the world. Every day around the globe, millions of people use Snapchat to communicate with friends, build relationships, play, and learn. No matter where you are or how you express yourself, it’s always the fastest way to share a moment! Snap Engineering teams build fun and technically sophisticated products that reach hundreds of millions of Snapchatters around the world, every day. We’re deeply committed to the well being of everyone in our global community, which is why our values are at the root of everything we do. We move fast, with precision, and always execute with privacy at the forefront. Some core features we build and maintain include Snapchat’s Camera, Creative Tools, Maps, Chat, Memories, Stories, Discover, Games, and Minis. Our Infrastructure teams deliver an innovative and cost efficient platform that ensures Snapchat is the fastest way to communicate with your friends, no matter where you are in the world. We have one of the fastest growing digital ad platforms, and our Monetization teams drive measurable returns for advertisers through novel ad formats like Augmented Reality. As a Snap Engineering team member, you’ll help us build the future of communication. We’re looking for a Backend Engineer to join Team Snapchat! As a member of this team, you will design and implement the next generation of Snap’s multi cloud architecture. Working from our New York, NY office, you’ll collaborate across engineering teams to build some of the most scalable, Tier 0 services at Snap such as our user service and friend graph. You will also solve exciting distributed systems problems like incremental state synchronization to build our core storage services, used by almost every product at Snap. Finally, you will help the team deprecate our monolithic architecture and move towards a layered service oriented architecture. What you’ll do: Design, implement, and operate our most critical and scalable services ranging from user identity services, friend graph, and our core persistence layer Work across teams to understand product requirements, evaluate trade offs, and deliver the solutions needed to build innovative products Help make our team better by contributing to code reviews, documentation, and development process Advocate for and apply best practices when it comes to availability, scalability, operational excellence, and cost management Effectively mentor junior team members Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Experience with backend services or distributed systems Experience in at least one of the following areas: Large scale microservices and distributed systems Cloud computing and storage systems Infrastructure and large scale system design Security Networking and data storage Machine learning and natural language processing Tools Proven track record of operating highly available systems at significant scale Experience with Java, C++, and/or Python Experience with NoSQL solutions, Memcache/Redis, Kubernetes, or Google/AWS services You have a track record of launching and maintaining features of medium to large scope with measurable impact You are a self improver, investing in improving your skills; you proactively seek out feedback on how to improve your own work and work of your team Ability to collaborate and work well with others Minimum Qualifications: BS/BA degree in a technical field such as Computer Science or equivalent years of experience 5+ years of software development experience At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations ext@snapcom . Our Benefits : Snap Inc. is its own community, so we’ve got your back! We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Our benefits are built around your needs and include paid maternity & paternity leave, comprehensive medical coverage, emotional and mental health support programs, and compensation packages that let you share in Snap’s long term success! Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field; and3+ years of experience building successful production software systems3+ years of experience working with professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operationsExperience developing on Unix/Linux using modern programming languages like Golang, Java, Python, C, and C++.Exposure to cloud computing (AWS, Azure, etc) Come and build innovative services that protect our cloud from security threats. AWS Security owns security for all services offered by AWS. We work with service and security teams across AWS to solve security challenges at massive scale. Our services protect the AWS cloud for all customers and preserves our customers’ trust in us. You’ll work with data scientists, security engineers, and other software development engineers every day and focus on some of the hottest areas in tech including: big data, analytics, computer vision, ML, and AI. You’ll get to build services that proactively protect every single AWS customer, both internally and externally, from security threats – not many teams can say that! Work/Life Balance Our teams are focused on balancing life with work. We are flexible when people occasionally need to work from home. We are offer flexibility and autonomy over your daily schedule, and are generally flexible when it comes to “core hours”. We are builder operators of our services at AWS and have a modest on call rotation where you’ll participate once every 1 2 months. Mentorship & Career Growth Our teams are dedicated to supporting new team members. Teams have a mix of experience levels, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior engineers and managers truly enjoy mentoring junior engineers and engineers from non traditional backgrounds through one on one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth. We assign projects and tasks based on what will help team members develop into a better rounded engineer and enable them to take on complex tasks in the future. Inclusive and Diverse Culture Our teams are intentional about attracting, developing, and retaining amazing talent from diverse backgrounds. Yes, we do get to build cool services, but we also believe a big reason for that is the inclusive and welcoming culture we try to cultivate every day. We’re looking for new teammates who are enthusiastic, empathetic, curious, motivated, reliable, and able to work effectively with a diverse team of peers. We want someone who will help us amplify the positive & inclusive team culture we’re focused on building. Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this roleMeets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us Python Engineer We are looking for a candidate to join the firm’s development team. You will join a team that designs and develops applications used across our firm and will work hands on with other developers, QA, and DevOps teams. The team interacts with key stakeholders such as Portfolio Managers, Front/Middle/Back Office, and Risk Managers. Additional responsibilities will include application release management, configuration, testing; and production troubleshooting. Principal Responsibilities Design, build and refactor robust software applications with clean and concise code Partner with development team and customers to set priorities and provide solutions Migrate existing processes that allow direct database access to access Automation of system maintenance tasks, end of day processing jobs, data integrity checks and bulk data loads/extracts Participate in capacity planning and performance/throughput analysis Design and development of applications following Agile and continuous delivery practices Staying abreast of industry trends, new platforms and tools, and coming up with a business case to adopt new technologies Qualifications 4+ years of experience in software development 2+ years of experience in Python (analysis, application development, or system engineer) Strong knowledge of Unix or Linux Experience with writing and tuning SQL queries. Candidate should possess a strong fundamental understanding of relational databases Understanding of modern SDLC practices Strong communication and interpersonal skills. A desire to work in a collaborative environment Detail oriented – demonstrate thoroughness and strong ownership of your work Nice to have Hands on experience with front office, risk, trading, or middle office applications Experience or working knowledge of Agile Practice or TDD (test driven development) Experience with GIT and JIRA, Jenkins, Octopus Deploy Cloud technology knowledge EDUCATION Working towards a degree in Mathematics, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS Detail oriented Strong analytical skills Knowledge of DevOps tools like Ansible, Docker Knowledge of Python, Java, C++, and Excel Knowledge of test automation tools like TestComplete and Selenium. Knowledge of Windows 10 and MS SQL and MongoDB Knowledge of the software development life cycle phases Excellent communication skills Knowledge of QA Methodologies will be a plus. WORK EXPERIENCE Prior experience in test automation and Quality Assurance field is an asset ABOUT THE ROLE Cigna is a leading health services company, with a global presence and 95+ million customers. The new Data & Analytics (DNA) group at Cigna is developing innovative technology to make healthcare simple, transparent, and more affordable. We are seeking full stack software / data engineers to join us and help modernize the healthcare industry. This team develops applications that provide Cigna with the analytics to optimize affordability for its members. Our tools analyze historical data to identify insights, forecast trends, and recommend actionable items to improve total medical costs. You will have the opportunity to design, develop, and deploy new applications and features that will directly impact Cigna's bottom line, to ultimately provide better and more affordable healthcare. Our team uses a variety of technologies, from big data to the latest web frameworks. You will get to build state of the art technology that is scalable and robust, utilizing cloud infrastructure, and full automation. KEY CHARACTERISTICS You will develop full stack applications that are scalable, robust, and thoughtfully designed. You are comfortable with all layers of the stack, from the database to the front end. You will be involved in the full software development lifecycle, from design to implementation. You will ship production code to a large customer base, and will take full ownership of your work, including testing and deployments. You will collaborate with other software engineers, domain experts, and end users, to build the right solutions that address our business needs. You know how to navigate an organization to find the people and answers you need. You know how to make engineering trade offs and how to communicate them to others. You can prioritize many competing tasks on an aggressive timeline. You are passionate about learning – about healthcare as well as technology. You are entrepreneurial, business minded, and are willing to take risks and advocate new ideas REQUIREMENTS 3+ years being part of Agile teams – Scrum or Kanban 5+ years with object oriented languages: C, C++, Java, Scala, or other OO compiled language 5+ years with scripting languages: JavaScript, Python, R, Ruby, Perl, etc. 3+ years in Web development frameworks: React, Angular (or other Nodejs frameworks), Django, React native, etc. RDBMS knowledge (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.) and experience working with large data sets You know your way around Linux Experience with Git Excellent troubleshooting skills Bachelor's Degree or the equivalent in experience and education BONUS POINTS FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING CI/CD experience (Jenkins, Ansible, etc.) and a TDD mindset Cloud infrastructure experience (AWS or other) Prior healthcare experience About Cigna Cigna Corporation (NYSE: CI) is a global health service company dedicated to improving the health, well being and peace of mind of those we serve. We offer an integrated suite of health services through Cigna, Express Scripts, and our affiliates including medical, dental, behavioral health, pharmacy, vision, supplemental benefits, and other related products. Together, with our 74,000 employees worldwide, we aspire to transform health services, making them more affordable and accessible to millions. Through our unmatched expertise, bold action, fresh ideas and an unwavering commitment to patient centered care, we are a force of health services innovation. When you work with Cigna, you’ll enjoy meaningful career experiences that enrich people’s lives while working together to make the world a healthier place. What difference will you make? To see our culture in action, search #TeamCigna on Instagram. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, age, disability, sex, childbirth (including pregnancy) or related medical conditions including but not limited to lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital or familial status, genetic information, status with regard to public assistance, citizenship status or any other characteristic protected by applicable equal employment opportunity laws. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing the online application process, please email: SeeYourself@cignacom for support. Do not email SeeYourself@cignacom for an update on your application or to provide your resume as you will not receive a response. WHO WE ARE Braze delivers customer experiences across email, mobile, SMS, and web. Customers, including Seamless, HBO, Disney, Urban Outfitters, and Venmo, use the Braze platform to facilitate real time experiences between brands and consumers in a more authentic and human way. And we do it at scale – each month, tens of billions of messages are sent to a network of over 2 billion active users through Braze. Need more proof? Braze was named a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Mobile Marketing Platforms in 2019. The company has also been named on the Forbes Cloud 100, Inc. Magazine’s 2019 Best Places to Work, and Crain's 2019 Best Places to Work in NYC lists. WHAT YOU’LL DO We're looking for a Senior Engineer for our Data Infrastructure team. The Data Infrastructure (DI) team builds and maintains a robust Kafka based event pipeline streaming tens of billions of messages daily that our customers leverage to analyze user behavior in near real time. You will help us architect, build, and optimize new, massively scaled data processing solutions storing petabytes of event data in Snowflake, as well as in various cloud storage destinations like Amazon S3 and web analytics platforms like Amplitude! WHO YOU ARE 6+ years of relevant experience with a strong track record of success Have strong and good opinions about how code should be written, as well as good development practices Experience with Java and some data pipeline job processing or message queuing system, like Kakfa, SQS, or RabbitMQ, etc, for the core work Excellent communication skills and a user centric attitude Calm, patient, considerate, compassionate, supportive, and encouraging Strong organizational skills and ability to keep track of multiple streams of work at once Experience with agile processes and tools such as JIRA Beneficial experiences: Kafka Connect, Kafka Streams, Ruby, Python, Redis, Snowflake, Kubernetes, Docker, Postgres WHAT WE OFFER Competitive compensation that includes equity Flexible time off policy to balance your work and life, including paid parental leave Free daily lunch in the office, including snacks and beverages Competitive medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents Collaborative, transparent, and fun loving office culture If you are a California resident subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act, click here to understand how Braze processes your personal information and how you can exercise your rights. 114 5th Ave (22114), United States of America, New York, New York Senior Software Engineer Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies to join our team. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Learn more about #lifeatcapitalone and our commitment to diversity & inclusion by jumping to slides 76 91 on our Corporate Social Responsibility Report. What You’ll Do: Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full stack development tools and technologies Work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment Work with cloud native stack, build on AWS, use technologies like Kubernetes and Serverless Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree At least 4 years of experience in software engineering Preferred Qualifications: Master's Degree 2+ years of experience in Agile practices 1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure, or another public cloud service 4+ years of experience in at least one of the following: Java, Scala, Python, Go, Javascript/TypeScript, Angular/Reactjs, or Nodejs 2+ years of experience working with big data technologies (eg. Hadoop, Spark, Presto) 2+ years of experience working on streaming data applications (eg. Kafka, Kinesis, Flink, or Spark Streaming) 4+ years of experience in open source frameworks At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position. About us: Musifai is an E commerce site that provides musical instruments rental and purchase services for all types of instrument. Founded in December 2017 in New York City, we are a group of music lovers who hope to make a difference in the music market. We are looking to recruit a full time Full Stack Software Engineer. Making our platform easy to use and attractive for customers is extremely important. As a Full Stack Engineer at Musifai, you'll have the opportunity to build our platform from the ground up, making it highly usable and enjoyable for music lovers. This will include design abstractions, APIs, and systems to power our next generation, massively scalable platform. We believe in a strong, friendly engineering culture. One of our explicit goals as a team is to build a uniquely fun and growth oriented culture. Our team of hackers and thinkers is small, lean, and empathetic. Responsibilities: Own the front end and back end of the Musifai platform with a huge amount of autonomy Ensure proper technical design and quality standards are upheld Efficiently roll out technical features from concept to product; Conduct web architecture, design, and coding activities new modular, reusable components and features Work with the Business Development team to prioritize different features, and add value with respect to strategic discussions and key technology decisions Identify and resolve performance bottlenecks and front end performance issues Requirements: At least 3 years experience in professional software development in a tier 1 tech company BS. or MS. in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or equivalent experience Experience building products using various technologies, platforms, and frameworks (ie., HTML, JavaScript, Python, Django, Bootstrap) Master of at least one scripting language (eg., Ruby, Python, etc.) and at least one compiled language (eg., Java, C/C++). Bonus points for Java and Ruby experience Experience with third party REST API integration Experience in a fast paced work environment, shipping quality code quickly Ability to understand a problem, and design a stack to create the perfect scalable solution Deep understanding of web application architecture and computer science principles Job Summary: As a Senior Software Engineer for Connected Devices, you will help us push the boundaries of what is possible on some of the most interesting 10 foot devices in the marketplace. You'll work on a team of other client developers alongside systems, services engineers, and project managers. We’re looking for someone that is proficient at writing highly optimized JavaScript (ES5 & ES6) with a low memory footprint, appreciates the details that make the development lifecycle exceptional, and demonstrates enthusiasm for new technologies, languages, frameworks, and platforms. This opening is for senior software engineers working in one of our Bay Area or NYC office locations or those interested in working remote. We truly believe we offer a unique opportunity for any technologist: To work on a bleeding edge technology stack To work with a world class team of Engineers To work on award winning, complex apps and systems To work in a highly collaborative team environment To have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions Responsibilities: Work on a modern stack consisting of JavaScript (ES5/ES6) and Reactjs across a wide range of devices from low memory and low performant set top boxes to top of the line smart TV’s. Rapidly prototype and implement scalable, reliable, and maintainable smart TV and device applications using client side Javascript (ES5/ES6). Enforce code quality through test driven development. Collaborate closely with other engineering, product, and marketing teams to help define product requirements. Basic Qualifications: Senior level candidates should have: 5 or more years of experience building compelling web applications. Strong experience in JavaScript (ES5 & ES6) app development, both with and without third party frameworks. Experience with and ability to communicate multiple different software architectures (MVC, MVVM, Redux, etc.) and application design patterns. Ability to quickly analyze and understand the performance impacts of code and data structures in order to deliver highly optimized code on constrained hardware. Experience mentoring junior level team members. Recommended Qualifications: Experience building JavaScript or native apps for Smart TV’s such as Samsung Orsay and Tizen, LG Netcast and WebOS, Sony, Panasonic, TiVo, Vizio, and various set top boxes or blu ray players. WebGL or Canvas. Google Chromecast. JavaScript DevOps tooling and test frameworks including Gulp, WebPack, Jenkins, Mocha, and PhantomJS. Reactjs experience a plus. HTML5 video including MSE and EME. Video streaming technologies including HLS and DRM. C/C++ experience, specifically on connected device hardware a plus. Toolset: Your IDE of choice! Consolelog() or printf() Github Enterprise Gulp and Webpack Jenkins Confluence JIRA Slack Docker AWS Software Engineer, Fixed Income We are looking for a senior developer who will enhance and maintain our current clearing and settlement platform and help build the new framework for Fixed Income trade processing. You will also be responsible for new development and integration with various 3rd party vendor software (Murex, Kinetix, Shadow Financial). To be successful you will need to understand the Fixed Income business and all aspects of transaction processing booking, life cycle, confirmation, clearing and reporting for credit, FX, and interest rate derivatives. Principal Responsibilities Design and build new transactional systems framework Development, deployment, and support of applications (Java, C#, Angular, python) Hands on maintenance and support of current transactional systems Enhancement and support of trade processing platform (Murex, Kinetix, Shadow Financial) Monitoring and support for intra day and EOD jobs and platform performance Qualifications/Skills Required At least 7 years of experience in software development, a significant portion of which should have been obtained in the Financial industry Strong programming experience in Java and Angular (python and C# is a plus) Experience integrating various trading systems using message based (MQ) or streaming architecture (Kafka) Strong experience in the design and development of relational database management systems (Sybase, Oracle, SQL server) Experience in managing projects and knowledge of fixed income products and trade processing (eg., trade entry, position management, valuation, pricing, settlement and clearing, etc.) Strong leadership skills to execute effectively on project deliverables and lead the development effort Strong communication skills to communicate effectively and to face off against various stakeholders (FO, MO, BO, Risk, Accounting) Experience working with Shadow Financial and ShadowSuite is a major plus Experience working with OpenFin or Glue42 is a plus Experience with development using AWS or Google cloud is a plus Axoni develops novel blockchain solutions while focusing on the capital markets industry. In various production implementations, we have demonstrated that our blockchain software can serve multiple asset classes and use cases at the world’s most advanced financial institutions. Join us in our mission to further strengthen and scale our system and develop new blockchain solutions. We’re excited to have you become part of our high performing team of engineers. Axoni’s Production Engineering members are responsible for the end to end management of all production and client facing infrastructure. You will be involved from the initial design phase of figuring out the right network topology for our clients to the final stages of deploying and setting up monitoring and alerting. The role requires good problem solving skills and ability to work across several teams and clients. We’re looking for candidates who love to learn and are able to adapt quickly. Responsibilites Manage and configure all pre production, production, and client facing infrastructure Responsible for the provisioning and configuration of pre production, and production resources Responsible for monitoring and alerting strategy of all production and client facing infrastructure Responsible for the creation of the steps and tools for software deployments to clients Coordinate with the Applications team to satisfy all non functional project requirements (security, performance, scalability, and resiliency) Collaborate with the Platform Engineering team to build tools to help automate deployments Coordinate with relevant teams to build useful tools to support network operations (internal and external) Requirements Experience with at least one of the following scripting languages: Bash, PowerShell, Python, Ruby, JavaScript/Nodejs Experience with Docker (Docker compose, yamls, etc) Experience with AWS and other cloud providers Experience with container orchestrations tools (Kubernetes, ECS) Experience using monitoring tools like Splunk, DataDog, Prometheus, Grafana Experience troubleshooting issues on a remote distributed system Experience with automation and configuration management tools (Terraform, Ansible, Salt, Chef, Puppet) Experience with deploying and/or managing production systems and infrastructure Strong communication skills and a collaborative team member New York, NY / Full time Lead a team of engineers, both technically and as a people manager, to deliver value to community health organizations across the country. Relevant's mission is to support healthcare non profits like community health centers and health homes in their drive to improve patient health. We do this by providing smart, friendly analytics software, along with hands on support and consulting to help health centers tackle all kinds of data challenges. We're looking to hire a lead engineer to help focus our efforts and scale the team through a combination of people management skill, technical experience, and software architecture design. If you have a track record of these skills, are excited about our mission of improving health outcomes for underserved patients, and are passionate about building great software, we'd love to talk to you. Responsibilities Engineering management: it's very important to us that working at Relevant be a great long term career decision for our engineers. As manager of a team of engineers, work to ensure their personal development goals are aligned with the needs of the company, and that each engineer is empowered to accomplish their goals. Software development process: engineering is a delicate balance, full of ambiguity. Is this change a hacky fix or an overengineered mess? Was that code review comment bikeshedding or too lenient? Apply your experience to navigate these extremes, modeling exemplary behavior for the team, and keeping us focused on delivering value to our users. Technical design: scaling our engineering team effectively means designing and implementing the right systems for us to leverage each engineer's abilities. Contribute to our architecture by identifying opportunities for large scale improvements, provide the insights we need to design them, and drive development on them. Preferred qualifications 4+ years technical experience: we're proud of the team we've built of mostly junior engineers, but this role is centered around coaching and mentorship. We’re looking for someone who has professional experience working on at least one large code base, over the course of several years, with more than half a dozen collaborators. Strong leadership skills: in this role, you'll be asking engineers to entrust you with their careers, so you'll need the skills to give them a good reason to say yes. Know how to inspire trust in your reports, create a safe space for them to grow professionally, articulate their needs to management, and frequently share candid feedback with them. Web development expertise: our stack is React, Rails, and Postgres. If you're familiar with them already, that's a plus. But we’re looking for mastery of some web development stack, whether it's an Angular frontend powered by Expressjs and MongoDB, an Ember frontend powered by Spring and MySQL, or something else. A desire to make healthcare better, with a focus on equity and social justice. We’re not the kind of startup chasing hyper growth. We’re building tools used by safety net organizations that are fighting health disparities, and are looking for candidates who find this focus compelling. Thrive in collaboration: we're a tight knit team of people who care deeply about our users and each other. We're looking for a teammate who will thrive in this collaborative environment and contribute to our continued, collective growth. Working at Relevant Join a small team of people (currently, there are 27 of us) who love what we do and continually strive to delight our customers. Help us build a company culture that's friendly, respectful, and encourages continual learning. Competitive salary, excellent benefits (we pay 100% of employee healthcare premiums), 401(k) with employer contribution, generous vacation policy, and a general emphasis on happiness and sanity. When we're not experiencing a pandemic, our office space in downtown Manhattan is provided by WeWork, with the attendant nice amenities: social spaces, lots of natural light, reasonably good coffee and espresso. Here's the common area: How to Apply Send an email to jobs@relevanthealthcare with the subject line "Lead Engineer." When responding, include a resume and a note in the body of the email explaining your interest in the position. Please also include the phrase "gentle bulldog scaffold" in your note, so that we know you read this. We're committed to building a diverse company. Applicants who identify with groups that are under represented in the technology industry are strongly encouraged to apply. Our mission is to create a world where the best ideas win. We believe in challenging the status quo, thinking out of the box, INNOVATING and helping our clients develop a compelling future using their existing resources. Job Description Brightidea is looking for an experienced Full Stack Developer that will work with us on a contract basis and be responsible for developing new software features within an existing SaaS codebase. Projects will range from small to large size and will take anywhere from 10 100 hours of development and testing time. Projects will come periodically and every several weeks. Your primary focus will be the planning and estimation of feature requirements, development of all feature logic, testing, and supporting the deployment of features through collaboration with other engineers and our QA team. Feature development will include a variety of technologies on both the server side and the client side of a web application. Therefore, a strong grasp of full stack development is required. This is an hourly contract position with a project based work relationship. We are looking for someone who can code into an existing codebase, so there will be onboarding about our current development process and environment. After completing onboarding, there will be project work starting for the developer. Requirements: Proven proficiency in full stack development and a demonstrable experience in bringing technologies together between the server and the client in a SaaS environment. Extensive experience in PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, HTML & CSS. Strong knowledge of relational databases, version control tools, and developing web services. Completely reliable, transparent, and communicative. Nice to haves: Experience with React, Backbone, Nodejs, PHP/Yii frameworks Experience with third party APIs Integration of multiple data sources and databases into one system Creating database schemas that represent and support business processes Familiarity with SQL/NoSQL databases and their declarative query languages Brightidea believes that everyone has the ability to make a difference and that a diverse team generates more innovation and bigger ideas. Just as our product invites organizations to crowd source innovation across their workforce, Brightidea is inclusive and does not discriminate. We accept everybody. We're looking for people who care deeply about customers and are passionate about building products that improve the way millions of teams work together. As a member of the team developing the software of a product led company, you won't just code — you will be an integral part of the entire product development process, from conception to post launch reflection. Asana is helping teams in 195 countries become significantly more productive with our leading work management platform. You will be manifesting continuous improvements of their experience and helping us achieve our mission to enable all teams to work together effortlessly. Asana's Product Engineering team works closely with Product and Data Science teams to develop iterations and new features of our platform. The team does full stack work on all parts of the platform, from the core of a feature to the UI displaying it. We're looking for outstanding people anywhere to help us innovate and scale, and we offer relocation. What you'll achieve You may work on architecting product tours with React or on transcending UI design tradeoffs; often you'll work on both in the same day Participate in every step of the product development process with an open and curious team Develop clean, beautiful code and leave it better than you found it Experience growth and development by being paired with a mentor who will support and guide you through opportunities to stretch and learn About you 4+ years of experience working within large, well maintained codebases Experience using Typescript and React Excellent communication skills for collaborating with other teams Sound judgment when balancing moving quickly with producing quality code and long term code maintainability Passionate about creating a superlative user experience and attentive to details Appreciate productivity and care deeply about helping teams collaborate more effectively and efficiently, including your own Excited to be a part of an inclusive culture where everyone brings their whole selves to work About us At Asana, we're building a better way to work, fueled by transparency, inclusion, and technology that is a force for positive change. Asana is a work management platform that helps teams orchestrate their work, from daily tasks to strategic initiatives, so they can move faster and accomplish more with less. For the past 5 years, we've been named a top workplace, including top 10 Great Place to Work Best Small & Medium Workplaces, #1 Fortune Best Workplaces in the Bay Area, #8 Fortune Best Workplaces for Women, and one of Ireland's Best Workplaces. With offices all over the world, we are always looking for curious, collaborative, and mission driven people to help us enable the world's teams to work together effortlessly. We believe in supporting people to do their best work and thrive, and building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive company is core to our mission. Our goal is to ensure that Asana upholds an inclusive environment where all people feel that they are equally respected and valued, whether they are applying for an open position or working at the company. We welcome applicants of any educational background, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, age, citizenship, socioeconomic status, disability, and veteran status. Join a mashup of energy enthusiasts and creative tech wizards who are taking the fight to climate change. Disrupt and reimagine the energy experience using modern technologies. Arcadia is a technology company revolutionizing the energy industry. We make choosing clean energy easy for everyone, no matter where you live or who your utility provider is. Founded in 2015, Arcadia set out with one purpose that continues to drive us today: a 100% clean energy future. As a Full Stack Engineer, you will directly contribute to democratizing access to clean energy by building the technology that makes it happen, and the user experiences that makes it intuitive. You'll work across the stack, contribute to scalable systems, and dive headfirst into technical material. In doing so, you will unlock a more human relationship with energy; accelerating everyone's agency to choose renewables, and hopefully stabilize our climate before it's too late. What we're looking for: We are seeking a resourceful and versatile Full Stack Engineer to join the Engineering team to help bring our visions to life. The ideal candidate is a low ego team player who approaches engineering problems and potential solutions with a unique, holistic, and long term perspective, and is genuinely excited to build the software expanding renewable energy access to millions of households across the country. We're looking for an inquisitive, analytical problem solver who possesses both grit and flexibility in the face of a rapidly changing regulatory and competitive landscape our work often involves implementing unconventional solutions and requires someone who's not afraid to explore new domains when previous methods fail, sort through minute details, or find non engineering ways around a problem. This individual must be comfortable with iterating towards a solution and collaborating closely with colleagues in Product, Design, Marketing, and Analytics along the way. This is an exceptional opportunity for someone who relishes the chance to engage with cutting edge technology, influence how our team builds and stays relevant, and work in a fast paced environment with engineers on a high morale, tightly knit team. Our engineering values are deeply ingrained in our culture you can read more about them here. This role is based in Washington, DC., or New York City, NY, though we are open to considering a remote candidate (we are all working from home at the moment). What you'll do: Develop, scale, and maintain robust software applications Partner with Product, Design, Marketing, and Analytics to deliver the best possible product for our members Build frontend web experiences, data access and backend systems Implement the business logic, services, and APIs that bring renewable energy to our members Frequently deploy new functionality to production with a streamlined CI/CD pipeline Explore new technologies with an open minded team Increase test coverage and reliability and help troubleshoot production issues Collaborate frequently with other engineers, deeply review code, and mentor junior developers Notice and speak up about opportunities to improve both the member and developer experience What will help you succeed: Experience in a software engineering role (we will hire several Full stack Engineers at various levels) Experience with the frameworks and platforms that align with our stack: React NextJS GraphQL (Apollo) Node (Express) Ruby on Rails Postgres or similar relational database AWS/GCP/Azure Experience with key areas of web development: Accessibility Mobile first design A/B testing CMS Modern design patterns (Storybook, SCSS, Styled Components) Automated testing (Jest, Enzyme, React Testing Library, Cypress, rspec) Monitoring and alerting (Sentry, Rollbar, Datadog) A strong command of fundamental algorithms and data structures Comfort managing the fine balance between shipping speed and code perfection Ability and internal drive to problem solve, both creatively and pragmatically Skill with collaboration, mentoring, learning from other engineers, and treating colleagues with empathy and respect Ability to scope, prioritize, and deliver on project commitments Ability to learn new technologies quickly Passion for our mission, sustainability, and helping drive a clean energy future Benefits: Market based compensation (salary + equity) Healthcare, dental, vision, 401(k) and commuter benefits Paid Time Off (holidays, vacation, professional development, volunteer, parental leave) A supportive engineering culture that values diversity, empathy, teamwork, trust, and efficiency Professional development opportunities All company lunches Free clean energy A chance to decarbonize and disrupt the energy sector Eliminating carbon footprints, eliminating carbon copies. Here at Arcadia, we cultivate diversity, celebrate individuality, and believe unique perspectives are key to our collective success in creating a clean energy future. Arcadia is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any status protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. While we are currently unable to consider candidates who will require visa sponsorship, we welcome applications from all qualified candidates eligible to work in the United States. The Platform team creates the technology that enables Spotify to learn quickly and scale easily, enabling rapid growth in our users and our business around the globe. Spanning many disciplines, we work to make the business work; creating the frameworks, capabilities and tools needed to welcome a billion customers. Join us and help to amplify productivity, quality and innovation across Spotify. You will join a team where everyone share a common interest in distributed backend systems, their scalability and continued development. Together we try to find new ways to create a great Spotify experience for all our users at all times. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. Core Infrastructure’s goal is to provide world class cloud native infrastructure to Spotify’s engineers. This involves key elements of our platform, including systems for observability, reliability, container orchestration and deployment, storage infra and auto scaling tools, cost insights, service discovery, production networking, and perimeter ingress and egress. Our team’s mission is to modernize deployments of backend services, and we focus on creating infrastructure that automates deployments into a completely managed environment. We support our internal customers to ship code faster, more frequently, and with greater confidence. Our goal is to make Spotify’s backend scalable, resilient, and predictable to a point that operational responsibility is a very small burden on users. What you’ll do You design, develop and deploy backend services that scale, are highly available, and are easy to extend. You build and operate infrastructure, user tooling, and deployment pipelines. As a team, we mostly build tools that deploy Containers to Kubernetes and GKE; languages we primarily use are Java, Python and a little Golang. You collaborate closely with other specialists and become a valued member of an autonomous, cross functional team. You take operational responsibility for the services that are owned by your team, including taking part in an on call rotation. We want you to bring your whole self to work and strive to foster an environment that supports your individual growth Who you are A valued team player in a dynamic, autonomous, cross functional agile team that inspires others. Experienced in designing, analyzing, optimizing code, and troubleshooting large scale distributed systems. Experienced with Docker, Kubernetes, GKE, and Google Cloud Platform. Know how to write distributed, high performance services in Java or Python and are experienced deploying and operating services on Linux. Have a systematic problem solving approach coupled with effective communication skills and drive. Love working on a team where you constantly learn, experiment, and iterate quickly You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 320 million users. Technology is integral to virtually everything the D. E. Shaw group does, which is why we seek exceptional software developers with a range of quantitative and programming abilities. Members of our technical staff collaborate on challenging problems that directly impact the firm’s continued success, utilizing their excellent analytical, mathematical, and software design skills as well as some of the most advanced computing resources in the world. About Thirty Madison Thirty Madison is building the premier healthcare company for people with chronic health issues. Through our novel approach to care delivery, powered by our proprietary platform and brands built around specific chronic conditions, we combine the best of specialist level healthcare with the convenience of telemedicine. In just three years, we've built three brands on top of our platform: Keeps (for men's hair loss), Cove (for migraine), and Evens (for acid reflux). We're growing rapidly, recently raised a $47m Series B, and are backed by some of the best healthcare and consumer investors, including Polaris Partners, Johnson & Johnson, Maveron, Northzone, First Round, and Greycroft, among others. The Role Are you an engineer interested in contributing to an experienced team that is rebuilding the healthcare experience for the modern consumer? You will get to: Work with team leads to architect key systems Implement new platform features for our core platform Work with the design team to deliver pixel perfect implementations Perform peer code reviews You should have: 4+ years experience as a Full Stack Engineer Fluency in at least one modern web framework (ex: Node/React, Ruby on Rails, Python/Django, etc.) A strong conviction in favor of reliable unit, end to end, and integration testing We value: Resourceful builders who can balance the pace of a fast growing startup with the need for high quality code Great communicators who can deliver visibility across the organization and suggest initiatives to maximize impact Entrepreneurs at heart who are excited to be part of a growing team, take initiative, and drive results. Team players with no ego who are eager to learn on their own and from others how to level up in their career This role reports into a Technical Team Lead. How we are managing through the COVID pandemic and its impact on our team? These are unprecedented times and we understand COVID 19 is impacting everyone differently. Our primary goal from the beginning of the pandemic has been to ensure employee safety. We went from optional to mandatory work from home very quickly in early March, and we have told employees that they can work remotely through April 2021 to allow them to plan accordingly. We have also rolled out several initiatives to help our team successfully navigate the uncertainty associated with COVID 19. These initiatives have included providing funds for home office improvements, medical reimbursements, free meditation/mindfulness tools, mandatory "Me Days" away from work, company wide days off, and fun opportunities to connect live with teammates each week (such as virtual escape rooms). We continue to examine different benefits, tools, and processes that best support our employees as we continue to work remotely and eventually begin transitioning back to the office. Benefits: Competitive salary, equity, and career development opportunities 100% coverage on many health, dental, and vision insurance plans Pre tax commuter benefits, 401k, and FSA Budget for the technology tools you need — whether a laptop, monitor, or special software Unlimited vacation days and annual $1,000 vacation stipend We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions. Please contact us to request accommodation. Rockerbox is building a marketing analytics platform that processes Terabytes of data per day for some of today’s most well known e commerce and digital brands. Come join our growing engineering team that is solving complex challenges around data and analytics interfaces! We are looking for an engineer who is comfortable with developing across the entire stack and can take ownership of projects from end to end. You would be working on the customer facing part of our platform where we aggregate, pivot and build visualizations for clients’ marketing data. What we’re looking for Expertise in front end web development using React, Redux, d3js, LessExperience working with Python (familiarity with Tornado, Twisted, Pandas is a plus)Have deep knowledge of JavaScript (ES6), HTML5, CSS3Understanding of key concepts behind Relational (MySQL) and NoSQL (Cassandra) databasesFamiliarity working with Docker and CI/CD tools You’re a great fit if you... Have experience working with large data sets and transforming them for data visualizationsUnderstand CRUD workflows and how to best implement themKnow your way around asynchronous design patternsAre confident in your ability to own a project across the entire stackCan thrive in a fast paced, team oriented cultureAre excited to learn new things & build awesome products! Benefits Work in a small, dynamic teamHealthcare Insurance: health, dental, visionPaid time off: choose your own schedule!Competitive salariesOpportunities to give back to the open source developer community About Rockerbox Rockerbox is the single source of truth for e commerce brands. Rockerbox works with leading DTC brands such as Rothy's, Figs, Burton and Blue Apron to help them better understand and optimize the marketing levers that grow their companies. Rockerbox enables this through our SaaS platform that centralizes all of our customer's marketing spend and campaigns (paid, organic, digital and offline). Rockerbox has been honored with many prestigious awards. We were named the New York Times & 212 NYC Adtech Startup of the Year, winner of the ad:tech Startp Spotlight and ranked on the Inc. Magazine 5000 fastest growing companies in America for 2 years in a row. Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffsExperience taking a leading role in building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customersKnowledge of engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle, including design reviews, coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operationsDemonstrated ability to mentor other software developers to maintain architectural vision and software qualityStrong computer science fundamentals in object oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving and complexity analysisBachelor’s degree in computer science or related field5+ years professional experience in software developmentProficiency in at least one modern programming language such as Java, Python, C++, C# Do you enjoy solving complex problems to help the business decide what products to buy, how much to buy and how to price it? Do you enjoy having a wide ownership over all the team’s services and applications, driving technical decision, architecture and operations? Do you enjoy leading and coaching other engineers on the team? Purchase, Planning and Pricing (P3) team in Shopbop wants you to lead! We actively recruiting for world class Software Development Engineers to help us refining our roadmaps and technical direction, and follow through with detailed architecture, design, superior code, and driving operational excellence. How do you know if you are a good fit for us? You want to shape the future of the fashion retail industry and the future of AmazonYou want to have a wide domain of ownership. We own Shopbop’s buying, planning, pricing and promotion automation You want to partner closely with the business stakeholders to shape the future technology to support our business growthYou love owning the project from idea to production, delivering in all phases from the kernel of an idea through the implementation to quickly getting that battle tested code into productionYou enjoy collaborating with your teammates who are world class developers like yourselfYou enjoy coaching and develop junior engineers to shape the future of the teamYou love working in agile programming environments and running fast to deliver evolution for your applicationsYou are innovative. We develop with the latest cutting edge technologiesYou are a full stack developer. We deal with data, business logic, web layers, and moreYou want to live in New York area! About Shopbop | East Dane Shopbop is the global online retail destination for style inspiration and discovery, offering women all over the world a comprehensive, hand picked selection of ready to wear apparel and accessories from over 1,000 established and emerging designers. Shopbop debuts new arrivals, compelling editorial content and styling guidance daily. Launched in 2013, brother site East Dane, a division of BOP LLC, is the international online menswear resource featuring an unmatched selection from leading and up and coming labels as well as engaging editorials and a seamless shopping experience. Shopbop | East Dane provides world class customer service, fast, free global shipping worldwide and free returns in the US. and Canada. Shopbop | East Dane is at the intersection of e commerce, fashion and technology. We promote a collaborative culture, as our teams cooperate across departments within Shopbop | East Dane and Amazon to continually innovate in an effort to better serve our global customer. You’ll work with big thinkers on projects that leave a mark on our organization, as well as on the broader technology, retail and fashion teams. Shopbop | East Dane is at the cutting edge of e commerce, and we are driven to be the daily destination inspiring fashion worldwide, merging a comprehensive brand list and strong editorial perspective with an easy to shop, sure to delight user experience. Acquired in 2006, BOP LLC is a subsidiary of Amazoncom, Inc., the world’s largest online retailer. Offering an enhanced customer experience, Shopbop | East Dane is a globally recognized and trusted fashion retailer that sells only quality, authentic contemporary and designer merchandise. Shopbop | East Dane is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation Experience with distributed computing and enterprise wide systemsStrong skills and experience with programming, design, and architecture with AWSExperience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs, and product strategyExcellence in technical communication with peers and non technical cohortsHands on expertise in many disparate technologies ranging from front end user interfaces through to back end systems Blend helps lenders maximize their digital agility. Our digital lending platform is used by Wells Fargo, US. Bank, and other leading financial institutions to increase customer acquisition, improve productivity, and accelerate the delivery of any banking product across every channel. We process more than $35 billion in mortgages and consumer loans daily, helping millions of consumers get into homes and gain access to the capital they need to lead better lives. The Consumer Banking team helps bring us closer to our mission of increasing transparency and accessibility across consumer finance. Our goal is to drive the adoption of Blend as a product beyond retail mortgage by focusing on new business initiatives for the company deposit accounts, auto/personal loans, credit cards increasing revenue streams for existing customers, and drawing in new enterprise customers to use Blend. We’re seeking passionate front end engineers at all levels to help grow our business! As a front end engineer on the Consumer Banking team, you’ll have the ability to improve user experiences for our existing products and help build our next generation configurable platform. This is a full stack team that works cross functionally with product, design, business development, and external stakeholders to execute on new business initiatives. We work like a mini startup within Blend, with a focus on rapid learning and iteration. If you are a strong engineer who wants to see your work have an immediate, tangible impact on our customers and industry, we want to hear from you! How you'll contribute: Implement borrower (end user) and banker facing UI / UX for new business products Provide front end architectural expertise building products for Blend's new business initiatives Work cross functionally with Blend teams such as Product and Design to build new products and services that drive the adoption of Blend beyond the original mortgage product As an owner of several customer facing products, provide occasional on call support Who you are: Industry experience as a software engineer domain knowledge in enterprise software or consumer lending not required open to all levels Excellent coding, problem solving, and debugging skills Solid understanding of computer science fundamentals Excellent written and verbal communication skills Bonus Points! Experience at a rapid growth startup Experience with React, TypeScript, Nodejs Web application / full stack development experience Benefits and Perks: Meaningful equity and a 401(k) plan Comprehensive health benefits A well rounded Wellness Program that covers a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more Lunch, dinner, snacks, and Pizza Fridays On site meditation, yoga, and massage Flexible work schedule, with open vacation policy 4 months of paid parental or personal leave Convenient location, with parking programs, and flexible commuter options Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable law, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Notice at Collection for California Applicants About Datadog: We're on a mission to build the best platform in the world for engineers to understand and scale their systems, applications, and teams. We build highly scalable systems that process trillions of data points every day to provide real time alerts, visualizations, log aggregations, and application traces for tens of thousands of companies. Our engineering culture values pragmatism, honesty, and simplicity to solve hard problems the right way. The team: The APM Team at Datadog provides mission critical application health and performance monitoring for customers of all sizes and industries. We’re taking a new approach to APM with distributed tracing and seamless integration with Datadog’s Infrastructure and Logs products. The opportunity: We are looking for an expert Ruby engineer experienced with Ruby language internals who can help push our tracing tools to the next level. Come and join us to build amazing open source software! You will: Write code that instruments thousands of Ruby applications around the world. You’ll help drive our open source Ruby projects and engage with the community to find and address the most important challenges. Join a great team building software the right way Requirements: You’re a master Ruby programmer. You think in blocks, faced the GIL limitations many times and you know there is more to Ruby than Rails. You’ve written piles of clean, correct, well tested, performant, idiomatic Ruby code. You are a great community ambassador and can drive hard technical conversations towards a good solution. You have solid experience with widely used frameworks and libraries like Rails, Sinatra, Grape, Sidekiq or ActiveRecord. You want to work in a fast, high growth startup environment. You have a BS/MS/PhD in a STEM field or equivalent experience. Bonus points: You have experience with JRuby and how it works in the JVM. You’ve played with eventmachine. You have significant experience with Python, Go, Java, JavaScript or Ruby. You have experience with code telemetry and introspection. Equal Opportunity at Datadog: Datadog is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Your Privacy: For more information on how we maintain the privacy of the information you submit as part of your application, please refer to our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice. Special message regarding COVID 19: Although the Xandr Montreal office is located in a Fabrik8 building near the Castelnau subway station and boasted a 97% Walk Score before the pandemic, we are committed to the wellbeing of our employees and doing what we can to lighten the load on our healthcare services. In serving those values, our small team, which is part of the much larger AT&T and Warner Media family, is currently working from home and conducting interviews through various video chat services. In response to the ongoing pandemic, onboarding of new employees is executed from home as well until at least June 2021. At the time of writing, we expect that a return to the office, when it happens, will be gradual, adapted to our preferences, and follow a hotelling model that still includes a large proportion of work from home. Xandr operates one of the largest online advertising marketplaces in the world. We receive 9 million requests per second that are auctioned in the blink of an eye, send 40 million requests per second to over 100 integration partners, and process 235K object updates per minute, resulting in 300GB/s of inbound and outbound network flow. The Platform Engineering Team is responsible for ensuring that our systems are running as efficiently and robustly as possible. At our scale, even the small improvements can result in significant impact to reducing our costs and enhancing the service to our customers. Xandr is seeking an experienced Mid level to Senior Software Engineer to join the Platform Engineering Team. You will be joining a specialized team that has deep expertise of our business and our stack (do not worry, we will show you the ropes once you join!). We have two primary goals: (1) reducing the cost of running our business; and (2) enabling application teams to quickly and safely make changes to their applications to meet the needs of our customers. As a company, we are actively migrating some of our services to the public cloud, which will present a whole host of new, exciting challenges! The ideal candidate is someone who enjoys learning new systems and can take a holistic view when solving problems. The online advertising ecosystem is full of complex logic and is composed of multiple components working in concert; performance improvements can be found in multiple areas. In this role you will: Proactively identify possible performance improvements to the system, prototype them, and partner with the application teams to deploy themBuild or configure tools to help application teams understand the performance impact of their changes and identify stability regressionsEvaluate new hardware and system architectures to determine their viability in meeting or surpassing the needs of the businessParticipate in design discussions with Product Engineering teams about new features that we are building Français: Message spécial concernant COVID 19: Bien que le bureau de Xandr Montréal est situé dans un immeuble Fabrik8 près de la station de métro Castelnau et pouvait se vanter un Walk Score de 97% avant la pandémie, nous avons à cœur le bien être de nos employés et nous engageons à faire ce que nous pouvons pour alléger la charge de nos services de santé. Ainsi, notre petite équipe, qui fait partie de la grande famille AT&T et Warner Media, travaille actuellement à domicile et mène ses entrevues et interactions entre collèges par le biais de divers services de chat vidéo. En réponse à la pandémie en cours, l'intégration des nouveaux employés se fait également à la maison et ce au moins jusqu'en juin 2021. Au moment de la rédaction, nous prévoyons qu'un retour au bureau, lorsqu'il se produira, sera progressif, adapté à nos préférences, et suivra un modèle de bureau de passage qui inclut toujours une grande partie du travail à domicile. Xandr exploite l'un des plus grands marchés de publicité en ligne au monde. Nous recevons 9 millions de demandes par seconde qui sont mises aux enchères en un clin d'œil, envoyons 40 millions de demandes par seconde à plus de 100 partenaires d'intégration et traitons 235K mises à jour d'objets par minute, ce qui entraîne 300 Go / s de flux réseau entrant et sortant. L'équipe d'ingénierie de la plateforme est chargée de s'assurer que nos systèmes fonctionnent de manière aussi efficace et robuste que possible. À notre échelle, même les petites améliorations peuvent avoir un impact significatif sur la réduction de nos coûts et l'amélioration du service envers nos clients. Xandr est à la recherche d'un ingénieur logiciel expérimenté de niveau intermédiaire à senior pour rejoindre l'équipe d'ingénierie de plate forme. Vous rejoindrez une équipe spécialisée qui possède une profonde expertise de notre métier et de notre stack (ne vous inquiétez pas, nous offrons des formations et opportunités d’apprentissage en abondance une fois que vous faites partie de l’équipe!). Nous avons deux objectifs principaux: (1) réduire le coût de fonctionnement de notre entreprise; et (2) permettre aux équipes d'application d'apporter rapidement et en toute sécurité des modifications à leurs applications pour répondre aux besoins de nos clients. En tant qu'entreprise, nous migrons activement certains de nos services vers le cloud public, ce qui présentera toute une série de nouveaux défis passionnants! Le candidat idéal est quelqu'un qui aime apprendre de nouveaux systèmes et qui peut adopter une vision holistique lors de la résolution de problèmes. L'écosystème de la publicité en ligne est un milieu de logique complexe et est composé de plusieurs composants travaillant de concert; des améliorations de performances peuvent être trouvées dans plusieurs domaines. Dans ce rôle, vous devrez: Identifier de manière proactive les améliorations possibles de performances du système, les prototyper et établir un partenariat avec les équipes d'application pour les déployer;Créer ou configurer des outils pour aider les équipes d’application à comprendre l'impact de leurs modifications sur les performances et à identifier les régressions de stabilitéÉvaluer les nouvelles architectures matérielles et système pour déterminer leur viabilité à répondre ou à dépasser les besoins de l'entrepriseParticiper aux discussions de conception avec les équipes d'ingénierie produit sur les nouvelles fonctionnalités que nous développons About your experience: 3+ years of experience building software professionallyExperience using C/C++ or Golang to build high performance applications, preferably in a Linux environmentExperience contributing high quality code to large codebasesExperience using Linux internals and APIs preferredExperience using profiling tools (eg., perf, strace) preferredExperience building capacity models preferredFamiliarity with lock free/wait free data structures and algorithms preferred More about you: You are passionate about learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve and sharing your knowledge to empower othersYou are not satisfied with the status quo and are always looking to improve how things are done and what is builtYou are focused on finding the root cause of problems, not settling for fixing the symptomsYou like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen Qualifications: 3 ans et plus d'expérience dans la création professionnelle de logiciels Expérience de l'utilisation de C / C ++ ou de Golang pour créer des applications haute performance, de préférence dans un environnement LinuxExpérience à contribuer du code de haute qualité à de grandes bases de code Atouts: Expérience de l’utilisation des composants internes et des API Linux Expérience de l'utilisation d'outils de profilage (par exemple, perf, strace)Expérience de renforcement des modèles de capacitéBonne connaissance des structures de données et des algorithmes sans verrouillage ni attente À propos de vous: Vous êtes enthousiasmé(e) par une culture d'apprentissage et d'enseignement. Vous aimez vous mettre au défi de vous améliorer constamment et de partager vos connaissances pour outiller les autresVous n'êtes pas satisfait(e) du statu quo et cherchez toujours à améliorer la façon dont les choses sont faites et la qualité de ce qui est construitVous vous concentrez sur la recherche de la cause profonde des problèmes, et non sur la résolution des symptômes ;Vous aimez prendre des risques calculés lorsque vous cherchez de nouvelles solutions à des problèmes complexes. Lorsque vous rencontrez des obstacles, vous continuez toujours à viser plus haut **Please note: We are not currently accepting unsolicited Staffing Agency/Vendor candidates at this time. Xandr / Warner Media / AT&T will not be responsible for any candidates submitted without prior written authorization.** We are looking for a JavaScript / UI Engineer to join our team focusing on the buildout of a new suite of applications. The engineer should be well versed in Sencha ExtJS 4x and knowledgeable in building an ExtJS application from scratch. Familiarity in communicating with RESTful services and remote services is highly recommended. Responsibilities: Design and development of ExtJS applications and custom components Collaborate with server side dev team members in bridging communication parameters Provide best practice recommendations on UI technologies Ensure cross browser compatibility Required Skills: Strong core JavaScript knowledge Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks, particularly ExtJS 4x Strong experience in designing scalable web applications Expert in Object Oriented design Thorough understanding of JavaScript testing and debugging Excellent communication skills Familiarity with Eclipse IDE a plus Knowledge of Java/JSP is a plus, not required This role is located in New York. Interested candidates please apply by sending your details to: careers@etelligenceinccom For one of our long term multiyear projects we are looking for a Software Developer Java 8 out of New York, NY. Skills: Java 8 (streaming; collections knowledge) Spring boot MQ's (Async processing) Troubleshooting production issues Full stack will be added advantage. Who we are BioDigital has built the first cloud platform for visualizing the human body in interactive 3D. Similar to Google Earth, but for the human body, our cutting edge technology is used on a global scale by patients and professionals who need a more engaging, visual format for learning about health and medicine. Our unique team is leveraging this work to achieve our mission of improving global health literacy and we are seeking a talented software engineer to help execute on our ambitious goals. Who you are You are a Front End Engineer with a solid working knowledge of client side coding and design. You’ll be joining a small team working at the forefront of new technology, solving the challenges of rendering 3D models beautifully and efficiently on the web, mobile and AR devices. Your work will impact both the front end and back end architecture, and ultimately, help people better understand their health. What you'll be doing Build out full feature sets for the BioDigital platform using the Angular framework Ensure cross browser compatibility and proper e2e testing Participate in design meetings, functionality planning, and component architecture discussions Participate in sprint planning, daily stand ups, code reviews, and retrospectives Maintain application data structures and keep them compliant with what the BioDigital 3D engine expects Stay up to date with the latest engineering and design best practices and share them with the rest of the team What we're looking for 4+ years of experience Demonstrated experience in single page applications and frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, or other) Strong knowledge of HTML5, CSS3 / SCSS, JavaScript / Typescript Experience with and understanding of and REST based architectures Experience with UI Design and implementation Demonstrated knowledge of data structures and optimization techniques Equal Opportunity Workplace BioDigital is committed to equal employment opportunity and to providing a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All hiring decisions are based on business need, job requirements and individual qualifications, regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, parental status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. C++ Engineer Equities We are looking for an engineer to join our trading algorithms team. The successful candidate will join a team that designs and develops trading algorithms working hands on with quants, other developers, QA and production support teams. The ideal candidate will be a hands on C++ developer with a solid understanding of concurrent, multi threaded application environments. The successful candidate has a keen interest in building/maintaining algorithmic trading platforms and strategies Principal Responsibilities: Build real time algorithmic trading systems and execution platforms Creating new features and enhancing functionality on a mission critical platform Design and Implement the firm’s trading strategies Develops high quality software while meeting deadlines Presents ideas for system improvements Design or upgrade existing software to ensure product performance and quality expectations are met Qualifications/Skills Required: 7+ years of experience with C++ (17, familiarity with 20), and a deep understanding of object oriented design and data structures Deep understanding of concurrent, multi threaded application environments Knowledge of Unix/Linux is required. Working experience with financial order/execution data, positions data and market data Knowledge of equities, algorithmic trading platforms, or market microstructure Knowledge of Java and/or Python BS. in Computer Science (CIS) or a related field. Demonstrates thoroughness and strong ownership of work. Good team player with a strong willingness to participate and help others. Strong communication skills. Desirable Skills/Knowledge: High throughput, low latency trading systems Recent versions of C++ compilers (gcc, clang) Low level systems development and the Linux kernel Agile/Scrum development methodologies Knowledge of Kdb+/Q About Thirty Madison Thirty Madison is building the premier healthcare company for people with chronic health issues. Through our novel approach to care delivery, powered by our proprietary platform and brands built around specific chronic conditions, we combine the best of specialist level healthcare with the convenience of telemedicine. In just three years, we've built three brands on top of our platform: Keeps (for men's hair loss), Cove (for migraine), and Evens (for acid reflux). We're growing rapidly, recently raised a $47m Series B, and are backed by some of the best healthcare and consumer investors, including Polaris Partners, Johnson & Johnson, Maveron, Northzone, First Round, and Greycroft, among others. The Role You will get to: Implement new features using modern API server side frameworks, libraries, and tools (Ruby on Rails with Apollo GraphQL) Work with team leads to develop systems and services for Thirty Madison users across all of our healthcare brands Collaborate on peer code reviews and architecture discussions You should have: 3+ years experience as a Software Engineer, primarily developing backend services and APIs on a modern web stack Fluency in at least one modern web framework with a preference on Ruby on Rails (or Python/Django, Node/Express, etc.) Exposure to modern cloud deployment technologies (we use AWS) Experience with SQL databases (we use PostgreSQL) and data modeling best practices Experience with asynchronous jobs, team oriented git workflow, instrumenting, monitoring and profiling systems A strong commitment to testing and quality How we are managing through the COVID pandemic and its impact on our team? These are unprecedented times and we understand COVID 19 is impacting everyone differently. Our primary goal from the beginning of the pandemic has been to ensure employee safety. We went from optional to mandatory work from home very quickly in early March, and we have told employees that they can work remotely through April 2021 to allow them to plan accordingly. We have also rolled out several initiatives to help our team successfully navigate the uncertainty associated with COVID 19. These initiatives have included providing funds for home office improvements, medical reimbursements, free meditation/mindfulness tools, mandatory "Me Days" away from work, company wide days off, and fun opportunities to connect live with teammates each week (such as virtual escape rooms). We continue to examine different benefits, tools, and processes that best support our employees as we continue to work remotely and eventually begin transitioning back to the office. Benefits: Competitive salary, equity, and career development opportunities 100% coverage on many health, dental, and vision insurance plans Pre tax commuter benefits, 401k, and FSA Budget for the technology tools you need — whether a laptop, monitor, or special software Unlimited vacation days and annual $1,000 vacation stipend We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions. Please contact us to request accommodation. ABOUT 4C: 4C is building the leading self service intelligence platform for marketers to drive business outcomes across closed ecosystems. Brands, agencies, and media owners around the world trust Scope by 4C™ to surface insights about their most valuable consumers and creatives, and activate them across channels and devices. With over $2 billion in annualized advertising spend running through Scope, 4C bridges linear television, streaming video, digital commerce, and social media. Founded in 2011 and based in Chicago, 4C has staff in the United States, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Singapore. Visit www4Cinsights.com for more information. ABOUT THE ROLE: 4C is looking for talented Software Development Engineers who are passionate about solving real problems and are excited about using the latest technology to do it. As an engineer on the team, you will be responsible for helping craft the future of our offerings from the database layers to the APIs that surface our data and functionality to our users. You will be working closely with people across engineering, product, and design to help develop an amazing experience for our agency & brand customers. A little about our team: we are largely a fullstack team of experts in frontend, backend, product and design. We care deeply about our stack and tools, focusing on the best to get the job done. We've built a large Python Flask application that is supported by an array of smaller services, and are in the process of adding further robustness to our systems by doubling down on service based architecture. We integrate with a myriad of third party APIs which require a rigorous attention to detail and creative solutions to ensure we handle all situations gracefully. Performance is incredibly important to us, as we often need to quickly surface large data sets to our users. We are a team that values continuous learning, curiosity, clear communication, deep self motivation, and are committed to building an inclusive environment for everyone. RESPONSIBILITIES: Build, test and ship well engineered features and enhancements Design, support, maintain and upgrade highly performant and tested APIs and internal services using tools like Python, Celery, Kubernetes, MySQL, Mongo and Redis Articulate a long term vision for maintaining and scaling our systems Work with other engineers, product mangers, designers and leadership to turn our vision into a concrete roadmap every quarter REQUIREMENTS: At least 3+ years of experience in software engineering with strong computer science fundamentals You've architected, built, scaled and maintained production services You write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your users You're passionate about building technology at scale and solving challenges for your customers in creative and innovative ways You've significant experience working with both relational and non relational databases Experience with large scale, distributed systems Remote opportunities available WE OFFER: We offer a challenging job in a dynamic international environment. At 4C you have the opportunity to make an impact. We are proud of our open and informal culture. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including Health, Dental, Life Insurance, Matching 401K, Unlimited Vacation and Maternity and Paternity Leave. The salary will be commensurate with experience. Position Summary: As an experienced Big Data Software Engineer, your mission is to work with a team of innovators and technologists creating next level solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help the team raise their game, meet firm wide standards, as well as satisfy both business and functional requirements. Your expertise in various technology domains will be counted on to set strategic direction and solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. Your quest to embracing leading edge technologies and methodologies inspires the team to follow suit. And best of all, you'll be able to harness massive amounts of brainpower through our global network of technologists from around the world. Qualifications: Experience with ETL Talend Experience with ODS Cassandra Experience with Java 8 / Spark Experience with Real time messaging Kafka / Java on Gaia Application Platform Experience with Cloud Computing (AWS) Experience with BigData, Hadoop and Hive Experience in middle tier/backend systems development in Java/Linux Working experience with Hadoop, Enterprise Java development, NoSQL data platforms (Cassandra) Working experience with Pub/sub messaging (Rendezvous, AMPS, Kafka, etc.), Stream processing (Storm, Hbase, Nifi, Spark Streaming, etc.) Exposure to Machine Learning will be a plus Extensive experience with horizontally scalable and highly available system design and implementation, with a focus on performance and resiliency Extensive experience profiling, debugging, and performance tuning complex distributed systems Willingness to commit extra effort to meet deadlines as required on a high profile and business critical projects Strong work ethic, excellent problem solving skills and good written and verbal communication skills Bachelor's Degree or better in Engineering, Computer Science or Information Technology Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non profits. You'll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you're not just working at a global financial institution. You're an integral part of one of the world's biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cyber security, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $95B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we're building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you're looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet youJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans About the Role: Seated is an app that rewards you for dining out. Users can browse restaurants based on their location, preferences or mood and book either as walk in or reservation. The seated mobile app, powered by robust microservices architecture, provides a convenient way to upload receipts, verify spend and reward users. The Seated platform further allows users to spend rewards on in person experiences such as wine tasting & cooking classes or redeem rewards for gift cards from a wide variety of brands such as Uber, Amazon, Target or SoulCycle. We are fast paced, innovative and metric driven, with a team that are passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product design, develop technology solutions for mobile applications, scale our microservices for millions of users, use AI for automation & fraud prevention or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. As the Senior Software Engineer you will work with the software development team based in New York, you'll help define technical standards and drive the architectural and engineering vision in a very dynamic environment. You'll translate business needs into live features and partner directly with business owners who recognize the value of technology. You will have a strong voice in product design and ownership over coding, QA, and production support. To be successful in this role you will have 1+ years of experience in developing and supporting software systems, as well as being a strong individual contributor with strong quantitative, analytical, strategic thinking and problem solving skills. What you'll do Actively participate in tech design for complex high performance service oriented architectures Develop reliable, fault tolerant & distributed software solutions, ensuring global compatibility Work with business users to ensure understanding of the business process and proper implementation in software Scale backend systems & microservices for high throughput & low latency while running against rapidly expanding data sets Follows engineering best practices from coding, testing and performance perspective What you'll bring Bachelors in CS or Engineering, Masters preferred 1+ years experience in successfully shipping large scale engineering projects Ability to rapidly adapt to new technologies and concepts to productional business solutions & product designs In depth knowledge of distributed database systems, big data architectures & scalable fault tolerant caching solutions Hands on development experience in Java or similar object oriented programing language Experience developing low latency APIs and distributed RESTful Web Services Experience & in depth knowledge of Dockers, Kubernetes or similar container technologies What you'll get Comprehensive Healthcare, Dental, and Vision Generous 401(k) Matching Stock options Unlimited PTO Pre Tax Flexible healthcare spending account (FSA), Dependent Care FSA and Commuter Benefits Paid Family Leave $100 monthly Seated allowance (dine on us) Stocked fridges, coffee, soda, and lots of treats Collaborative, dynamic work environment within a fast paced, mission driven company At Seated we welcome passionate people from all backgrounds, helping us make dining experiences more accessible & rewarding. If you have the curiosity & passion to drive our mission together, we would love to hear from you. As a Software Engineer, you will work with a cross functional team of Database, DevOps, Salesforce, Software, QA engineers, and Technical Project Management to support development and maintenance of solutions for critical projects. You will split time between development and maturation of projects such as ETL pipelines, API’s, and web apps and supporting day to day operations on existing solutions. What you’ll do: Review existing solutions, projects, and infrastructure to provide recommendations for enhancements and structural improvements. Develop, maintain, and optimize pipelines and engineering projects to ensure continuous operation and improvement. Mature, scale, and automate existing systems and infrastructure. Debug, trace, and profile existing code to ensure uptime and maintainability. Collaborate on new products and pipelines to create technical requirements and develop a solution that meets business functionality. Work with application developers, users, operational leadership, and subject matter experts to understand current and future operational goals. Contribute to all parts of the software development and deployment lifecycle, including design, development, documentation, testing and operations. About you… Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field, or equivalent experience. 2+ years experience in Software Engineering or Web Development roles. Ability to develop and debug in Python, PHP, or similar programming language. Comfortable with Git and remote service such as GitHub for version control. Experience working with MySQL or similar relational database systems. Experience with Docker. Experience with AWS or similar cloud service. Experience with CI/CD Pipelines such as CircleCI, Jenkins and GitLab CI. Experience with developing and maintaining large scale data ETL pipelines. Experience in assessing, developing, troubleshooting, and enhancing RESTful API systems for performance optimization, increased scalability and security, and development standards. Ability to prioritize, communicate well, design for repeatability and scalability, exude ownership, and dig beneath the hood with technology. Ability to translate business requirements into technical specifications. Flexibility to both improve what we have in motion and to innovate on new capabilities. Experience with AWS Lambda or similar serverless computing is a plus. Experience with NoSQL databases such as MongoDB is a plus. Experience in IaC tools such as Terraform or CloudFormation is a plus. Proficiency with front end development in HTML/CSS and JavaScript frameworks such as React, Vue, or Angularis a plus. Experience with Cloud Networking is a plus. Experience working in an agile Scrum environment is a plus. About us… Progyny is a leading fertility benefits management company in the US. We are redefining fertility and family building benefits, proving that a comprehensive and inclusive fertility solution can simultaneously benefit employers, patients, and physicians. Our benefits solution empowers patients with education and guidance from a dedicated Patient Care Advocate (PCA), provides access to a premier network of fertility specialists using the latest science and technologies, reduces healthcare costs for the nation’s leading employers, and drives optimal clinical outcomes. We envision a world where anyone who wants to have a child can do so. Our mission is to make any member’s dream of parenthood come true through a healthy, timely, and supported fertility and family building journey. Come join a company that’s been recognized by Modern Healthcare as one of the Best Places to Work in Healthcare. Our perks: Family friendly benefits: Paid maternity and paternity Fertility benefits (including egg freezing and IVF) Emergency childcare program Parent’s group Health, dental, vision and life insurance options for employees and family Paid vacation and summer flex time Company equity Bonus program 401K Match Monday breakfasts/ Friday lunches/ healthy snacks Company social events Sit/ stand desks Progyny is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce. We Build Black and JPMorgan Chase are teaming up on a Tech Showcase and Networking event. Join us virtually on Thursday, October 8th, from 5:00 6:30pm and participate in two tech demos showcasing some of the exciting projects JPMC Software Engineering teams work on. You will also have an opportunity to network directly with business leaders as well as learn about the Software Engineering opportunities across New York Metro. If you are an experienced Software Engineer with 2+ years experience with fullstack, java, javascript, python, mobile, golang, or other development technologies, we're interested in speaking with you!! As a member of our Software Engineering Group, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought provoking environment one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally. As a Software Engineer, you will become a member of a scrum team learning a full technology stack, new tools, and adhering to development modernization processes. Your knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help our scrum team raise their performance, meeting standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Responsibilities include: Providing high quality technology solutions that address business needs; Utilizing agile methodologies and adhere to coding standards, procedures and techniques while contributing to the technical code documentation; Designing, developing, coding, testing, debugging and documenting within full SDLC. We are looking for a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Advanced knowledge of application, data, and infrastructure architecture disciplines Understanding of architecture and design across all systems Working proficiency in developmental toolsets Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals Passionate about building an innovative culture Proficiency in one or more modern programming languages Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance, and software improvement In addition to Java/J2EE experience, experience with JavaScript, ExtJS/Angular JS, REST/SOAP Services is strongly preferred Demonstrated experience on SQL, Databases, Stored Procedures (Sybase , Oracle, MS SQL Server) Previous experience/working knowledge of cloud environments is preferred When you register you will receive the details to join the virtual eventJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Snapchat is a camera and messaging app that connects people to their friends and the world. Every day around the globe, millions of people use Snapchat to communicate with friends, build relationships, play, and learn. No matter where you are or how you express yourself, it’s always the fastest way to share a moment! Bitmoji is the digital you — a living cartoon character to instantly express who you are and how you're feeling, in the moment. We believe that the magic of cartoons can improve everyone’s online lives, and empower people to communicate in ways that words alone can’t capture. Snap Engineering teams build fun and technically sophisticated products that reach hundreds of millions of Snapchatters around the world, every day. We’re deeply committed to the well being of everyone in our global community, which is why our values are at the root of everything we do. We move fast, with precision, and always execute with privacy at the forefront. Some core features we build and maintain include Snapchat’s Camera, Creative Tools, Maps, Chat, Memories, Stories, Discover, Games, and Minis. Our Infrastructure teams deliver an innovative and cost efficient platform that ensures Snapchat is the fastest way to communicate with your friends, no matter where you are in the world. We have one of the fastest growing digital ad platforms, and our Monetization teams drive measurable returns for advertisers through novel ad formats like Augmented Reality. As a Snap Engineering team member, you’ll help us build the future of communication. We’re looking for a Full Stack Engineer to join Snap Inc! This role will be based from our offices in NYC. What you’ll do: Contribute to Snap’s engineering culture by working on shared libraries and systems Design new and optimize existing systems and participate in design reviews Follow high quality design and implementation practices Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Knowledge of JavaScript (and/or TypeScript), HTML, and CSS Knowledge of Java, Golang, and/or Python Strong knowledge of object oriented and functional programming principles Understanding of domain driven design principles Solid knowledge of unit testing Experience optimizing JavaScript performance and browser layout rendering Experience with ReactJS, AngularJS, or similar UI frameworks. Experience with Web GL, Canvas Large scale microservices and distributed systems Experience with NoSQL solutions, Memcache/Redis, Kubernetes, or Google/AWS services Minimum Qualifications: BS/BA in a technical field such as computer science or equivalent years of experience 3+ years of experience as a full stack software engineer Preferred Qualifications: MS degree in a technical field At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations ext@snapcom . Our Benefits : Snap Inc. is its own community, so we’ve got your back! We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Our benefits are built around your needs and include paid maternity & paternity leave, comprehensive medical coverage, emotional and mental health support programs, and compensation packages that let you share in Snap’s long term success! In the Flatiron District, NYC based FinTech company is looking for a React Based Tech lead to join their team. This is a project management based position where you will be in charge of running entire projects from start to finishRequired:5+ Years Experience working as a Front End DeveloperExperience working with ReactExperience working with Typescript and NodeExposure to ScalaUnfortunately, this client is unable to provide sponsorship or transferThis is a full time, permanent direct hire. Not available as corp to corp, contract, C2HJob Type: Full timePay: $170,00000 $200,00000 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable more reliable than spontaneousDetail oriented would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 Lab49 has an opportunity available for a Java Developer to lead work on complex and challenging projects to drive transformative change for our top tier Financial Services clients. Operating in an Agile environment, the Java Developer will have strong server side experience to work on next generation financial systems. Responsibilities Build distributed systems that deal with actor based concurrency, reactive programming, distributed in memory data grids, messaging that goes beyond plain JMS as we fully expect to participate in shaping the future of financial technology stacks Work on server side JVM based projects Hit the ground running with the typical Java or Scala JVM ecosystem stack (Spring and its subprojects, Guice, Guava, Maven, Hibernate, Jetty, etc.) Retool continuously as the technology landscape changes every few years Be able to pick up other technologies along the whole development stack, including front end and other non JVM ecosystems Work with our clients in iterative, project based engagements, where self organizing and focused teams move quickly to build innovative solutions for the client Have the desire to collaborate, and like sharing and learning from your colleagues Be passionate about delivering quality code Demonstrate experience writing commercial grade software applications Have a deep understanding of multithreading and real time software architectures Have an abiding interest in and competence for solving real world business problems (with technology as an enabler) Be determined to succeed despite obstacles and challenges, as well as a positive attitude favoring achievement of goals over open ended investigation Required Skills and Experience 8+ years of recent hands on experience in designing and coding complex, enterprise, commercial grade applications in core, server side Java, ideally Java 8+ Experience building RESTful Web Services Test driven development, which includes Unit and End to End Testing Experience with Agile software development (eg. SCRUM or KANBAN) Experience in a CI/CD environment Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Math, or related work experience Experience with, knowledge of, and strong demonstrated interest in, global financial markets and financial products. Overview: GTS is a leading global electronic market maker, powered by combining market expertise with innovative, proprietary technology. As a quantitative trading firm continually building for the future, GTS leverages the latest in artificial intelligence systems and sophisticated pricing models to bring consistency, efficiency, and transparency to today’s financial markets. GTS accounts for 3 5% of daily cash equities volume in the US. and trades over 30,000 different instruments globally, including listed and OTC equities, ETFs, futures, commodities, Fixed Income, foreign exchange, and interest rate products. GTS is the largest Designated Market Maker (DMM) at the New York Stock Exchange, responsible for nearly $12 trillion of market capitalization. Our workplace of 200 plus employees welcomes people of all backgrounds and experiences, and we take pride in our diverse workforce. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, gender or gender identification, sexual orientation, disability, protected veteran status and statuses protected by law. The GTS culture is collaborative and entrepreneurial and welcomes individuals of all kinds. Responsibilities: We are looking for a Python developer with excellent problem solving skills to work within our Market Access team as a Python Developer. You will be able to make an immediate and visible contribution automating and improving our firmwide trading infrastructure. Some projects include application development on: start of day processes, realtime reconciliations, database manipulations (eg. symbol reference, market data), process automation, running advanced reports, and deploying/developing web services. You will be working closely with our senior management giving unrivaled business exposure. Long term you will have the opportunity to take on larger projects as they arise. Requirements Strong practical knowledge of Python coding skills Hands on database experience, specifically experience using SQL Aptitude towards numerical data manipulation and analysis A bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or related field 1 3 years of related work experience; internship experience counts Ability to communicate clearly and concisely, verbally and in writing Desire to take ownership and work autonomously while being part of a close knit team Qualifications: The following experience/attributions are a plus Exposure to (or desire to learn) C++ Demonstrated experience operating in a Linux environment Visa sponsorship available for the right candidate. We invest heavily in our technology and infrastructure, and our flat collaborative and collegiate structure encourages an environment where our developers can bring their ideas straight to senior level partners and firm founders. We're proud to employ some of the leading talent in the industry, and we work to ensure our employees enjoy a high quality of life. What We Offer: A selection of healthcare plans for you and your family, some 100% employer paid Insurance coverage that starts on day one Free lunch daily and weekly group lunches Casual dress code Company outings, including bowling, casino nights and happy hours A fully stocked pantry A game room with Foosball and a custom arcade cabinet Company Description Publicis Media is one of Publicis Groupe’s four solution hubs, aligning all of Publicis Groupe’s media agencies and operations. Publicis Groupe (Euronext Paris Exchange: FR0000130577; CAC 40 index), is the world’s third largest communications group. Job Description Ever had a notion that there was a better way for us to accomplish our work? Now is your chance to bring that idea to life. The Publicis Solutions Team is developing new software to help us work in smarter ways. You can perform a key role in helping the team build new interfaces for Publicis resources and clients. What's not to like about Cloud, Infrastructure as Code, Microservices and Machine Learning... The Publicis Solutions Team is organized around the Agile Scrum framework, with integrated design and development work happening each sprint. You will develop and nurture state of the art software and architectural principles. If you've wanted to work this way, where you can shape your work in close collaboration with the Product Owner, Architect, Lead Engineer and Designers on a daily basis, now is your chance! Qualifications Self motivated Engineers who are comfortable setting and exceeding their own goals, who have experience collaborating closely with Architects, Lead Engineers and Product Owners to deliver products that people love to use. You should be passionate about software development principles as well as creating products from scratch that will improve how everyone at the Groupe does their jobs. Experience with .Net, AWS, Docker and API development. Experience with microsoervices and environment and deployment automation will also be incredibly useful. Must be comfortable working within the Agile framework, with strong time management skills, and the ability to see the end goal and maybe map your own way there. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Software Engineer – Full Stack ListenFirst Media ListenFirst Media is looking for junior to mid level software engineers to work on challenging big data problems in the social media space. We are a late stage startup founded in 2012 specializing in social media analytics. Software engineers at ListenFirst have the satisfaction of knowing that their efforts play a critical role in the success of a small but growing company. Come join a team filled with incredibly talented individuals who are focused on a singular goal: building the stickiest analytics that marketing executives in Fortune 500 companies are dependent upon. The ideal candidate is a well rounded computer scientist, capable of working on big data problems and has a passion for building web applications, information retrieval, data visualization, or possibly even knowledge related problems such as natural language processing, machine learning, information extraction, named entity recognition, taxonomies, etc. Core Technologies: Languages: Ruby, C/C++, Javascript Environments: Linux, AWS Databases: PostgreSQL, Redshift Required Skills: STRONG COMPUTER SCIENCE FUNDAMENTALS provable programming prowess with statically and dynamically typed languages passion for writing tight, non complex code experience with Unix/Linux understanding of RDBMS and SQL ability to analyze, troubleshoot, and design experiments to quickly validate ideas an eagerness to learn from, teach, and otherwise collaborate with colleagues an ability to see the ultimate simplicity in everything Desirable Skills: experience working on large data sets experience with a sizable source code base and version control systems (git preferred) creativity towards mashing up data from disparate sources to achieve a viable solution experience or interest in working with cloud computing technologies experience or interest in building and integrating external and internal APIs that: receive simultaneous, bursty and occasional high bandwidth connection requests fulfill data requests by accessing multiple backend systems: rdbms, data warehouse, various key value stores Education Level: Bachelors, Masters, or Doctorate degree preferably in computer science. Responsibilities: Candidates will need to apply all manners of software engineering techniques to solve challenging human data interface problems. They will be accessing large heterogeneous sets of data and presenting that data in an easy to understand and engaging experience for the user. As might be expected in a startup company, the range of problems will go far beyond this primary responsibility which is why the ideal candidate is dynamic, smart, and motivated. This position is in the engineering team and will require working closely with the product and client services teams, thus candidates need to have exceptional communication skills and a team first attitude. This is a great opportunity to work on challenging and incredibly market relevant problems as the social media analytics industry is taking off! Candidates should be open minded and eager to learn. This position is open in New York City, NY. Candidates must have authorization to work in the US. . Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Coinbase stores more digital currency than any company in the world, making us a tier 1 target on the internet. Given breaches are the number one cause of death amongst digital currency companies, security is core to our mission and has been a key competitive differentiator for us as we scale. As a Security Engineer, you will be responsible for building the security controls leveraged by Coinbase Custody. You will develop and foster partnerships with key business groups to ensure that we're delivering the right tools and services to the right people at the right time. What you'll be doing (ie. job duties): Develop and maintain security controls for the Custody organization, including software based tooling. Partner with the Custody product teams on security critical projects. Help grow and mature the Coinbase Security program and team, through activities such as creating new security policies.. Developing measurable metrics to show growth in capabilities. Provide security services such as threat modeling, pen testing, and detection and response on an as needed basis. Coordinate with third party security partners for security relevant activities. What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): Significant experience as a software engineer. Solid foundation in security topics such as Cryptography, Authentication/Authorization, etc. Proficient in a modern high level language (Python, Ruby, Node, Go, etc.). Understanding of regulatory compliance frameworks such as NIST. Nice to haves: Experience working in a high security and/or highly regulated industry. Experience in securing Digital Assets. Job Description: Prescient Edge is seeking a Backend Engineer for our RD&E team. As a Backend Engineer, you will contribute to the development of innovative breakthroughs in machine learning, generating insights from private data silos faster than ever before while preserving the privacy of the underlying data. The technology is developed by a team of covert intelligence operatives as well as government and financial services executives – all working together to build a platform that is ready to cope with the agility, efficiency, and relentless push required to plow through the regulatory and compliance that these organizations require. The ideal candidate should have: Expertise in Machine Learning, Computer Vision, and scalable statistical techniques (eg., unsupervised machine learning, logistic regressions, random forest, SVMs). Expertise in utilizing scalable data insight platforms and tools. Representative examples would include programming skills (eg., Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch) and cloud platforms (eg., GCP, AWS, etc). Exposure to machine learning model lifecycle, including training, evaluation, and serving. An interest in deploying machine learning models as scalable services. An interest in "tool making" (ie., building features for developers that empower them and increase productivity). Curiosity about attacker incentives and how malicious behavior can be identified in data. Strong communication skills with the ability to build meaningful customer relationships. A strong willingness to contribute within a team environment, support highly cross functional efforts, and step in and lead a technical project. Enthusiasm for innovating in fast growing privacy and artificial intelligence space. A natural inclination to work in a fast paced startup culture and a readiness to take up multiple responsibilities. Benefits At Prescient Edge, we believe that acting with integrity and serving our employees is the key to everyone's success. To that end, we provide employees with a best in class benefits package that includes: A competitive salary with performance bonus opportunities Comprehensive healthcare benefits, including medical, vision, dental, and orthodontia coverage A substantial retirement plan with no vesting schedule Career development opportunities, including on the job training, tuition reimbursement, and networking A positive work environment where employees are respected, supported, and engaged Job Requirements: Minimum Qualifications Active Secret security clearance or the ability to obtain a Secret security clearance Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience Experience developing scalable low latency, distributed data processing solutions Experience in running large scalable distributed services following micro service architecture Minimum of 2 years of work or educational experience in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence Minimum of 1 year of relevant work experience, including software development Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Python, Java, C++ Preferred Qualification Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or a related technical field Experience with one or more of the following: Federated Learning, Computer Vision, Recommendation Systems and Personalization, Search and Discovery Systems, Natural Language Processing The Development Operations (DevOps) Engineer position at ROKO Labs will work side by side with engineering, platform, development and operations teams and will be primarily responsible for designing, implementing and automating build, release, deploy, monitoring and configuration activities. The Development Operations Engineer is responsible for bridging the gap between development, operations, and infrastructure, all supporting a highly diverse portfolio of client projects. IDEAL CANDIDATE QUALIFICATIONS: 5+ years of hands on experience in a DevOps function Building server systems from scratch Proficiency in Microsoft Windows Server including PowerShell scripting Proficiency in TCP/IP networking: configuration, load balancing, troubleshooting Knowledge of management of MS SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB. Any other DB system is a plus Up to date proficiency (over 2017, 2018) in AWS operations Knowledge of Continuous Integration systems, such as Jenkins, TeamCity. Knowledge of monitoring systems, such as NAGIOS, New Relic Excellent written communication skills, ability to track multiple work streams simultaneously Professional attitude toward crisis management Typically, our schedule is a Monday Friday, 40 hour work week. In order to support off hours deployments to minimize client impact, candidate must have the willingness and ability to work flexible hours. WHY ROKO LABS? ROKO Labs is a fast growing strategic product and technology consultancy based in NYC. We are seeking a highly motivated and resourceful person who enjoys solving complex problems! Our compensation package consists of a competitive base and bonus. We have developed a great track record of working with large Fortune 500 companies and VC backed startups. Our clients have grown and raised additional capital and still others have been acquired (by Apple and others). We are incredibly proud of our work and would be excited to share it with you! Our client’s value that we understand their businesses and help to build products that users love! Additionally, our extended team spans multiple countries, making for fun cultural exchanges. If interested, please submit your resume to jobs@rokolabscom. OVERVIEW OF THE COMPANY Fox Corporation Under the FOX banner, we produce and distribute content through some of the world’s leading and most valued brands, including: FOX News, FOX Sports, the Fox Network, and the FOX Television Stations. We empower a diverse range of creators to imagine and develop culturally significant content, while building an organization that thrives on creative ideas, operational expertise and strategic thinking. JOB DESCRIPTION Fox Corporation is looking for an Automation Engineer to join our New York Consumer Platforms & Engineering team. Our premiere Platform is the digital foundation of all Fox brands and their Web/Mobile/OTT properties. We love what we do and we’re looking for passionate, talented people to help us lead, grow, and achieve our goals. Joining Fox Corporation is a singular opportunity to be part of a highly successful, dynamic team that has transformed the way people get their information. The mission of the Automation team at Fox is to collaborate with engineers in order to solve problems, improve workflows, increase confidence, and mitigate risk through automation. We increase business value by making our software development teams more efficient and confident over time. And as our Automation Engineer, you will apply your technical expertise to help improve the workflow and efficiency of Web and Mobile developers. This role will be focused on Web based automation and our primary tool for those workflows in GitHub Actions. But beyond being able to set up automation, Fox is looking for someone who is truly passionate about a culture of quality and can help push the rest of the organization forward. Nobody checks every box — we’re looking for someone who is particularly strong in a few areas and have interest and capabilities in others. A SNAPSHOT OF YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES Create end to end tests with Cypress Develop a deployment approval processes that integrate GitHub, Slack, and AWS Create custom GitHub Actions to improve CI/CD pipelines Enable automated deployments from GitHub on each release to pre Production environments Build out iOS and Android CI/CD pipelines in Azure DevOps Pipelines Ensure consistent enforcement of branch protection across repositories including passing tests, security code scanning, approval by a code owner and more WHAT YOU WILL NEED Experience with Modern JavaScript and associated tools Experience creating YAML based CI/CD Pipeline Files Experience writing simple Bash scripts Experience with RESTful APIs Git and GitHub Experience Test driven development experience TypeScript experience About the technologies we use AWS: EC2, Lambda, RDS, Elasticsearch, Elasticache, S3, SQS, Kinesis JavaScript (Node 10), Typescript MySQL, DynamoDB Docker GitHub Jira NICE TO HAVE, BUT NOT A DEAL BREAKER A Bachelor's degree would be awesome, but not required We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law. The usage of our API has grown quickly, both in terms of clients and raw usage. We are looking for a senior platform engineer to help us shape and build the next generation of our platform as we look to scale the ways in which our clients use our API. We are looking for someone who can architect efficient and scalable systems, set engineering standards for the engineering organization, our application/platform, and enjoys rolling up their sleeves and coding. Clients are only accessing a fraction of Ribbon’s data. The evolution of our platform will be crucial in letting our users tap into the fullest potential of our data, which will be critical in furthering Ribbon’s mission of simplifying healthcare. What we look for at Ribbon: Passion and drive to simplify healthcare by building products that increase access to care and power every healthcare decision to be high quality, cost effective, and convenient Commitment to Ribbon Health company values, working on an exceptional team, and building an exceptional company Grit, hustle, desire, and a “get it done” attitude; strong comfort with a lean startup environment, where everyone is encouraged to participate in and contribute across all teams Dedication to the creation of a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment where teammates are celebrated for their unique perspectives and work together to simplify healthcare for all What we’re looking for in this role: You have experience designing and implementing APIs, and are excited at the opportunity to build an API platform from the ground up You are experienced in data model design and like to think about systems and services You have been a technical lead among a team of engineers working on a production grade API You have the ability to make thoughtful trade offs between long term scalability and moving quickly in the short term You care deeply about implementing best practices that ensure data integrity and reliability because you understand how our products meaningfully impact patients downstream Although you’ll initially work mostly in Python, you’ll help us continue to evaluate new technologies and find the best tools for the job at hand Your day to day: Architect and build a production grade API platform: You will design, build, and maintain Ribbon’s core APIs and services, making sure our platform is enterprise grade across end user functionality, security, and scalability. You will help create a platform that is the foundation of how the world interacts with Ribbon’s data. Build and launch new products: You will work with the product team to design, build, and launch new products and product features. This includes new APIs to extend the reach of our core technology Develop data standards: You will develop the platform’s standards for data management and data governance Ensure reliability: You will architect and set up the monitoring and fail safes needed to make sure that our API is robust and can handle scalability issues Build internal tools: You will help our internal teams 10x their efforts by developing tools to streamline their workflows (eg. sales, deployment, recruiting, and product) Evaluate third party and open source software: You will make decisions about what we build versus buy and where to buy MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: GLOBAL MARKETS Our core value is building strong relationships with our institutional clients, which include corporations, financial service providers, and fund managers. We help them buy and sell financial products on exchanges around the world, raise funding, and manage risk. This is a dynamic, entrepreneurial team with a passion for the markets, with individuals who thrive in fast paced, changing environments and are energized by a bustling trading floor. RIA Engineering The RIA Engineering team in Global Markets is responsible for delivering digital services to our Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) clients. We design and build sleek, modern frontends, powered by scalable, reliable, and secured backend API services to provide clients trading, portfolio management, asset custody and clearing services. The RIA Engineering team builds new features, and continues bringing new financial products to our RIA clients, giving them necessary services and tools to serve their clients’ needs. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: As a member of the RIA (Registered Investment Advisor) engineering team, you'll be responsible for building out custody and trading systems that service institutional client needs at scale. As an engineer within RIA, you will be working in a close knit team at the forefront of shaping our client's experience by creating new technology driven businesses. This is an opportunity to work closely with experienced engineers, business developers, and a diverse client base to deliver APIs, services, and technology solutions that scale to meet a broad range of client needs. We are looking for engineers who thrive in a client driven, agile environment. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or relevant work experience in Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering or related technical discipline. 3+ years of software development experience, or 1 with an advanced degree Experience in Java, C/C++, JavaScript, Objective C, C#, Python or Go Excellent object oriented or functional analysis and design skills. Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and designing for performance. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Comfortable multi tasking, managing multiple stakeholders and working as part of a global team. Experience advocating for customer issues/needs. Preferred Qualifications Experience with AWS / Azure or similar Cloud platforms Experience building scalable and distributed microservices Experience working with relational and no SQL database systems Interest and ability to learn frameworks, technologies, and programming languages as needed. ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity We are looking for an experienced full stack software engineer to join our Royalties and Reporting product area. The Royalties and Reporting product area at Spotify is based within the broader Financial Engineering mission. We are responsible for transforming billions of daily streams into accurate royalty payments that enable artists to live off their art. Royalties are at the heart of Spotify’s mission, which means that our team contributes to highly visible initiatives across the company. It also means that we have a duty to understand a large number of business domains and systems to know how we can best support Spotify. More about RoaR We are looking for engineers who bring innovative ideas from diverse areas, including distributed computing, system architecture design, networking and data storage, CI/CD, and many others. We expect our engineers to be collaborative, display leadership qualities, and be passionate about tackling problems across the full stack as we continue to push technology forward. As a critical component of the business, we hold ourselves to a high standard of engineering excellence. We build systems that will survive for years in a constantly evolving landscape. We move fast without breaking things. Operating at Spotify scale, means that we are always on the bleeding edge of data intensive computing. Working with hundreds of labels and publishers around the world, each with their own unique set of constraints, means that we are constantly wrangling high levels of complexity and tackling problems previously unsolved in the industry. Spotify works extensively with Google Cloud Platform technologies such as DataFlow, GKE, BigQuery, and Cloud Pub/Sub, and builds on top of them with open source frameworks such as Scio. Our team solves problems with Scala, Python, Java, SQL, Jupyter Notebooks, whiteboards, and sticky notes. We are XP and we are Agile, in a uniquely Spotify way. As Spotify grows, we are always experimenting with creative solutions that will enable our internal and external users, and the artists that we empower, to grow with us. We are revolutionizing the music industry – want to join the band? You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 299 million users. What you’ll do Use your experience of the full stack to design intelligent solutions that includes backend and front end systems You will work tightly with our design team to understand our internal users and iterate with them to deliver a good user experience across our systems Collaborate closely with a cross functional engineering team, product designers, and product owners Take operational responsibility for the components that you write Work in an environment that supports your individual growth by providing you with challenging tasks to solve and the freedom to acquire new skills in hack time, reading groups, lectures and a variety of internal training courses Who you are You’re excited about delivering end to end experiences and care about your software architecture across the backend, front end and the APIs that glue them together. You are experienced in backend development and technologies such as Java or Python You are experienced with modern UI JavaScript coding (React), testing, debugging, and automation techniques You are experienced in fetching data from a variety of storage technologies (PostgreSQL, BigQuery) and know SQL You are passionate about writing high quality code You learn quickly and enjoy working closely together with your product team to bring value to your stakeholders You are passionate about what you do and have a high interest in keeping up with current best practices in your areas of expertise You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 299 million users. COVID 19 UPDATE: The NYC office will remain closed until we feel it is safe to return. All interviews will be virtual until further notice. Small Teams; Big Data At Tapad, we look for individuals who are motivated by complex and challenging work. We want to work with people who share compelling solutions to those challenges, solutions informed by their unique experiences, passions, and expertise. We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our global engineering team in New York City. We need a person who can work hands on as an engineer, solving complex problems and building advanced software systems. We face daily challenges that are both unique and engaging, while processing data at petabyte scale. That is over one trillion data points in any given 60 day period — with consumer privacy and data security at the heart of everything we do. The size and scale of our challenges demand the use of cutting edge, open source technologies, like Apache Spark, Apache Beam, and Kubernetes. We're proud to have been built on Scala from day one. Collaboration is at the forefront of our day to day at Tapad. You would be working with multiple engineering domains, and with our commercial teams, to guarantee that we are delivering the best products. We believe that our engineers have an obligation to dissent and discuss. A successful Tapad engineer understands that their ideas hold weight, and they contribute freely and regularly. We want someone who is motivated to find large scale solutions with us. We work with big data on small teams. Every contribution is important. When you work with us, you matter. We ask our employees to make an impact, and feel it is only right to give a lot in return. We offer every employee a 401k with matching, generous parental leave, and unlimited PTO (and we mean it!). We believe if you're sick, feel like you're getting sick, or just need a personal day, you should take that time to get better. We have free virtual lunches every month, free continuous education, and an open door policy every day. We make sure our virtual office is a welcoming space, full of individuals who can teach and learn from one another everyday. Technologies we use at Tapad (don't worry, we'll teach you): Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Google Dataflow/Beam, SQL, BigQuery Scala, sbt, cats, http4s, fs2 Spark ML, TensorFlow, Kubeflow, Python, PyTorch Airflow, Prometheus, Kubernetes We are looking for candidates who meet some of the following qualifications: 3+ years of experience making significant contributions in the form of code Strong understanding of algorithms and data structures and knowing when to apply them Deep familiarity with one or more programming languages (Ex: Scala, Java, Python, etc.) Interest in machine learning techniques to develop better predictive and clustering models Experience working with high scale systems Proficiency in SQL Interest in creating powerful machine learning tools that facilitate experimentation and productionalization at scale Interested in data engineering and warehousing to develop ingestion engines, ETL pipelines, and organizing data to expose it in a consumable format Bonus Experience: Experience with building systems for model training and serving using TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, Spark ML, or Kubeflow Experience with functional programming Strong understanding of concurrent and parallel programming A day in the life as a Tapad Engineer: Solve complex problems building advanced software systems, while processing several petabytes of data Adapt quickly to utilize software engineering best practices Demonstrate the ability to deliver quality software collaboratively Designing, implementing, and running big data pipelines that canvas over petabytes of data Contributing to real production projects that constitute Tapad's core offering Collaborate with your team of engineers, and add to product, account, and business development functions to create new products and features Learn functional programming Ensure that the software you create is testable and tested Tapad Perks: Generous PTO no accruing necessary 401k matching, Life, LTD & STD Insurance, dental, vision, and telehealth plan with 24/7 access to a dedicated team of physical and mental healthcare providers Scala School (we'll teach you!), Coursera, LinkedIn Learning, peer led professional development, and an abundance of resources to help you stay sharp Unlimited snacks and beverages, collaboration catered lunches (virtual lunches until we're back in the office) Discounts on gym memberships Foosball, ping pong, diversity and inclusion group, book club, Tough Mudder, push up challenges, and tons of other extra curricular activities that will make you feel like part of the Tapad family (virtual game nights and happy hours until we're back in the office) Check out our #TapadLife page to see what our employees have to say Find more about our engineering culture HERE About Tapad: Founded in 2010, Tapad cracked the code on cross device marketing technology. Our groundbreaking, proprietary technology assimilates trillions of data points to find the relationship between smartphones, desktops, laptops, tablets, and connected TVs. Ten years later, we are processing data at petabyte scale, with an engineering team that comprises roughly half of our entire organization. When you work with us, you matter, and your work matters. We use Scala, in combination with large scale data processing and open source technologies, to build our device graph. Across our engineering teams, we also use Scala, GCP, Spark, Kubernetes, Python, TypeScript, Angular, and anything else that helps us get the job done. We're open minded about new technologies, we're passionate about what we do, and we make time for everyone to learn and grow as the industry changes. Engineers at Tapad are approachable and ambitious people who think outside the box and solve big problems collaboratively. Are you up for the challenge? Tapad is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of age, sex, race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, disability, or any other legally protected status. Tapad does not accept resumes from unsolicited search firms nor recruiters. In no event shall fees be paid to any unsolicited search firms nor recruiters, regardless of whether the candidate is made an offer or accepts a placement at Tapad. All resumes received through any channels will be considered the sole property of Tapad. Tapad's Talent Team is solely responsible for making the decision on forming partnerships with search firms and third party recruiters. Any communication outside Tapad's Talent team will not be an agreement of services. Who We Are At Justworks, you'll enjoy a welcoming and casual environment, great benefits, wellness program offerings, company retreats, and the ability to interact with and learn from leaders in the startup community. We work hard and care about our most prized asset our people. We're helping businesses get off the ground by enabling them to focus on running their business. We solve HR issues. We're data driven and never stop iterating. If you'd like to work in a supportive, entrepreneurial environment, are interested in building something meaningful and having fun while doing it, we'd love to hear from you. We're united by shared goals and shared motivations at Justworks. These are best summed up in our company values, which are reflected in our product and in our team. Our Values If this sounds like you, you'll fit right in. Who You Are Boomr, a Justworks subsidiary, is seeking an experienced mobile engineer to join our team. As a successful candidate, you have demonstrated the ability to build, deploy and maintain large scale, complex applications. You have worked with customer facing applications and know how to separate data and functionality as necessary. You understand and use automated testing as a productivity multiplier. Boomr is trusted by businesses across the country to manage their most valuable asset: employee time. Our mobile and web solutions enable workforces around the globe to operate with greater accountability and efficiency by monitoring and automating employee work hours, project tracking, and overall organizational performance. You will work closely with other engineers to scope, design, and build new features and functionality in this area. Our mobile app is written in React Native, with native components where the user experience necessitates it. Our web app and backend is primarily in Ruby on Rails and JavaScript/React, but prior knowledge is not a requirement. You should have a deep understanding that goes beyond the ability to use these tools. We're data driven and never stop iterating. If you'd like to work in a supportive, entrepreneurial environment, interested in building something meaningful, learning new technologies, and having fun while doing it, we'd love to hear from you. What You'll Do Work collaboratively with other engineers, product managers, and designers Scope work and coordinate efforts with other engineers on the team Build features and functionality that our customers use directly, typically in an iterative fashion taking into account user feedback Ensure continuous compatibility between Android and iOS platforms Help define and communicate technical standards and best practices for mobile development Qualifications Minimum of 3 years of professional hands on experience building customer facing applications Experience with React (React Native is a plus) Strong object oriented design and coding skills Solid understanding of data structures and algorithms Experience building an iOS or Android app is a plus Experience with Firebase or GraphQL is a plus Technologies We Use Ruby on Rails, Javascript/React, Redux, MySQL, AWS, Git ElasticSearch, Docker, InfluxDB, Redshift, Jenkins, Nagios, Firebase Diversity at Justworks Justworks is committed to maintaining a workplace where diversity of identity, culture, and life experience is the norm and is celebrated authentically and respected consistently. Diversity in our work, our people, and our product drives creativity and innovation, entrepreneurial leadership and integrity, competitiveness, and collaboration throughout our business and in the market. We depend on our differences to make our team stronger, our workplace more dynamic, and our product accessible to all of our customers. We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer open to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. Our DEI Commitment Do you enjoy collaborating with an agile tech team and helping solve complex problems in a fast paced, collaborative, and iterative programming environment using C#, JavaScript, React, Redux, ElasticSearch and MongoDB, and open source technologies? Do you want to make a big impact at a company with a great brand, friendly culture, and big aspirations? Corcoran is looking for a Software Engineer who can work with distributed team of Engineers, Designers and Product Managers to build and redesign the technology behind Corcoran's key applications. We're looking for a strong, experienced developer who's interested in helping us build internal and consumer facing digital properties and services. A passion for developing innovative features while following coding best practices is ideal. We're looking for a practitioner who loves writing well crafted code, participating in code reviews, and working with cross functional teams. Experience architecting distributed systems and going live with high performance architectures that scale is a plus. Live who you are. That’s our philosophy. At Corcoran we build our business around this very human truth — making every effort to understand the hopes, dreams, and unique personalities of our clients. Then we use that understanding, and all our resources, to find homes that go beyond the checklist, and even the wish list, to that wonderful feeling you get when something just feels right. Our Engineering team builds features and products that empower agents with best in class technology to deepen their relationships with customers, improve their workflow and efficiency, and expand their business. Requirements: 3+ years of experience in designing, coding and architecting complex web applications Extensive experience with C#, Elasticsearch or MongoDB is a requirement. Experience with JavaScript, React, or Redux a plus. Minimum BS CS/CE or equivalent with 3+ years of relevant work experience. Strong knowledge of Web standards and protocols, including JavaScript, HTML, CSS and HTTP Experience with build scripts such as Gulp, Webpack, Grunt, etc. Experience working with third party APIs and RESTful APIs. Experience with cloud computing services such as Azure, AWS. Understanding of MVC and Web Services architecture. Experience with relational and NoSQL databases. Good communication skills required. The database market is massive (the IDC estimates it to be $89B+ by 2024!) and MongoDB is at the head of its disruption. The MongoDB community is transforming industries and empowering developers to build amazing apps that people use every day. We are the leading modern data platform and the first database provider to IPO in over 20 years. Join our team and be at the forefront of innovation and creativity. MongoDB seeks software engineers to help TechOps grow its internal service offerings by orders of magnitude. Central to TechOps' ability to provide the myriad of technical resources utilized daily by all company employees, the Engineering Corps is the first team called upon to realize and develop internal technical solutions to problems facing individual employees, teams, departments, and the company as a whole. The team is made up of renaissance persons with a large breadth of expertise and areas of interest. They are full stack engineers in practice, database and sys admins when necessary, and experienced service providers with a track record of timely delivery and delighted customers. Our Ideal candidate Has 1 2 years of experience developing APIs with Python Has experience with React or Angular. Is familiar with source control systems, preferably Git. Is comfortable developing in a Linux environment and familiar with Docker & CI/CD. Has excellent communication skills and a desire to experiment. Is collaborative, detail oriented, and passionate about developing usable software. Position Expectations Develop features and write tests for a suite of internal tools and services. Contribute to functional specifications and design. Regularly review application code. Have lots of fun doing all of the above things. Success Measures In three months you will have made several small contributions to our codebase and documentation. In six months you will be a resident specialist with one of our applications and make regular contributions. In one year you will be well on your way towards developing a major feature (or two!). To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we're committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy, we value our employees' wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys. Learn more about what it's like to work at MongoDB, and help us make an impact on the world! MongoDB, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Company Description Publicis Media is one of Publicis Groupe’s four solution hubs, aligning all of Publicis Groupe’s media agencies and operations. Publicis Groupe (Euronext Paris Exchange: FR0000130577; CAC 40 index), is the world’s third largest communications group. Job Description This is a Greenfield Vuejs project looking for a front end developer to establish best practice software practices. Ever had a notion that there was a better way for us to accomplish our work? Now is your chance to bring that idea to life. The Publicis Solutions Team is developing new software to help us work in smarter ways. You can perform a key role in helping the team build new interfaces for Publicis resources and clients. The Publicis Solutions Team is organized around the Agile Scrum framework, with integrated design and development work happening each sprint. If you've wanted to work this way, where you can shape your work in close collaboration with the Product Owner, Architect and Designers on a daily basis, now is your chance! Qualifications Self motivated Front End Engineers who are comfortable setting and exceeding their own goals, who have experience collaborating closely with Designers and Product Owners to deliver products that people love to use. You should be passionate about software development principles as well as creating products from scratch that will improve how everyone at the Groupe does their jobs. Experience with Vuejs and .Net is a must. It is also beneficial to have Docker, Microservices and AWS experience. Must be comfortable working within the Agile framework, with strong time management skills, and the ability to see the end goal and maybe map your own way there. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Beacon is revolutionizing the financial services industry by empowering quantitative developer teams and business users. Beacon is the only vendor on the market that gives clients underlying source code, a developer platform, and infrastructure services so that clients can own the full technology stack. Clients benefit from Beacon's next generation platform for enterprise scale analytics, trading, risk management, and more. The Support Group is responsible for supporting and maintaining the Beacon Platform, which is a cloud based Platform as a Service. You will work in a fast paced environment with a mix of financial developers, DevOps and infrastructure engineers, and application developers to provide front line support to our clients and staff. In this role, you will work directly with the teams to triage and analyze technical issues logged into our ticketing system. You will debug scripts in Beacon’s IDE, examining graph based financial object hierarchies as well as other automated processes and infrastructure configuration. You will also work with new technologies, software and code, finding patterns to recurring problems, and implementing improvements. There is a strong emphasis on collaboration with others, from developers to system administrators. The Support Engineers are vital to Beacon’s success as they provide up front, timely, and efficient solutions to ensure we provide an excellent client experience. Primary Responsibilities Collect and triage production support incident tickets and follow documented standard operating procedures Maintain and create support documentation and knowledge base Own production support issues and collaborate with support engineers to resolve issues within designated SLAs Provide regular updates to internal and external stakeholders on outstanding issues Interact directly as needed with clients and stakeholders Provide daily and weekly issue reports Be an active participant at production support meetings Monitor environment logs for errors and troubleshoot accordingly Flexibility to work additional hours as needed Required Skills Infrastructure Engineering A relevant Information Technology qualification such as Microsoft certifications or AWS certifications Proven hands on experience with Linux servers (Ubuntu/RedHat Enterprise Linux) Familiarity with cloud Infrastructure such as AWS, Azure or Google Cloud Exposure to DevOps tools such as Docker, CI/CD pipelines, and configuration management Software Development Experience with Python Exposure to at least one of the following languages: JavaScript, C, C++, Golang Exposure to coding/scripting or automating manual tasks Essential Criteria Desire to learn other programming languages to help support the environment A degree or active pursuance of a degree in a relevant STEM field Attention to detail Excellent customer service skills and empathy for clients’ needs Ability to work in a fast paced environment and effectively manage workload Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to explain complex technical problems to non technical audiences Desired Skills Familiarity with test driven code development and SCM tools such as Git Experience with and interest in financial markets Experience with SecDB/Athena/Quartz Knowledge of monitoring tools such as Grafana and Prometheus Culture and Benefits: At Beacon Platform, we value our employees, encourage and support career development. Beacon offers an excellent benefit package and social team building events. Beacon Platform Inc is an equal opportunity employer. Our focus on diversity enables us to build a culture where all employees are invited to share their passion, talents, and ideas. At Beacon Platform we are proud to have workforce inclusion from different countries, ethnicities, race, gender, age, religion, identity, and experiences. Come be part of our growing team! Benefits: Medical Insurance Paid time off Contributory 401K/Pension Scheme Recruitment Referral Bonus Wellness and wellbeing initiatives Regular social events and parties Commuter benefits About Beacon Platform: Beacon is revolutionizing the financial services industry by empowering our clients’ quantitative developer teams and business users like no other platform provider. With the Beacon platform, financial institutions of all sizes can leverage our 20+ years of experience in building enterprise scale trading, analytics, and risk management platforms at some of the most successful financial institutions in the world. In addition to applications for front and middle office users, the Beacon platform includes cloud based, secure sandbox infrastructure, a full suite of developer tools, and transparent source code to give our clients unparalleled power to own the full stack and achieve their business goals. Beacon was founded in 2014 by the senior technologists who worked with SecDB at Goldman Sachs and created Athena at JP Morgan and Quartz at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Beacon has over 70 employees with offices in New York, London, and Tokyo. wwwbeacon.io Quartz is looking for a mid level web engineer to join the product engineering team. In this role you will architect, implement, and maintain functionality on qzcom and its underlying technologies. This is an ideal opportunity for someone who enjoys working in small, cross functional teams, with lots of opportunities to shape the outcome of the features they build. Engineers at Quartz work with designers, product managers, and non technical stakeholders throughout the company to deliver technical solutions that meet the needs of our readers and the business. Responsibilities Deploy thoroughly tested, readable, and maintainable JavaScript (specifically, Typescript flavored React) to browser and server environments Solve complex engineering problems independently and with others, knowing when to reach for pair programming as the best tool for the job Work across stacks, filling gaps in your knowledge as needed Review code on GitHub to highlight risks, recommend best practices, provide mentorship, and learn from others Architect and ship new features by collaborating with technical and non technical colleagues Consider how proposed solutions will affect the security, stability, performance, usability, and accessibility of the end product Use ‘cool down’ periods to pay off technical debt, research new technologies, and generally improve our products and workflows Qualifications Required: Minimum three years’ professional experience writing code for production environments Deep familiarity with JavaScript and React Strong problem solving abilities. You know how to research and debug complex technical problems, sometimes across multiple codebases, and how to effectively ask for help Strong understanding of fundamental technologies and concepts such as HTTP(S), DOM and browser painting, authentication, semantic HTML, and responsive design Comfort with the CLI, at minimum must be able to use git and SSH Excellent communication skills (verbally, over email, and via chat) with both technical and non technical colleagues. You are inclined to leave clear documentation to make things easier to understand for the next person All locations will be considered. (Quartz is currently all remote, which means you would be onboarding in a remote environment.) Enterprise Values Quartz recruits talent for two salient attributes or qualities: Force of Ideas: At the center of Quartz work are the ideas within our writing. We believe that ideas–to the good and not–have consequences. Our highest work is bringing rigor, insight, intellectual honesty, to that ultimate purpose of separating the bad from the good, and giving voice to the latter. Spirit of Generosity: Quartz seeks in its ranks a spirit of generosity–a natural disposition in each colleague toward service and selfless conduct. Quartz writing should be cut from the same cloth–critical on the merits but informed by charity and forbearance in measuring motive and personal character. Quartz is committed to building a team that includes a wide variety of backgrounds and perspectives. We aim to be a place where a diverse mix of dedicated people will want to come, to stay, and do their best work. We strongly encourage applicants who are people of color, LGBTQ, women, people with disabilities, and/or formerly incarcerated people, and a college degree is not required. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please let us know. We are an equal opportunity employer, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family orientation, marital status, country of origin, citizenship, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other category protected by local, state, or federal laws. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Powered by JazzHR h2o4bpPcme Responsibilities Designing, developing, and testing WP and other CMS platforms. Presenting: Must have excellent communication skills. The ability to explain technical details in layman’s terms. Experience, understanding and enthusiasm for UI/UX web design. Collaborate with team members to identify and prioritize/reprioritize work when necessary. Facilitate requirements gathering efforts and clearly document system requirements. Develop strong working relationships with team. Anticipate and adjust for problems and roadblocks while eliminating roadblocks within control. Remain abreast of current technologies and best practices. Comfortable working on a variety of projects at one time. Requirements Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering or relevant business discipline from an accredited four year college or university or equivalent work experience is preferred. A minimum of 5 years professional application development and operation experience in a production setting. Solid experience developing web applications using open source technologies. Facility with Marketing automation tools (eg. Pardot; ActiveCampaign; etc.) Experience adapting layouts created in Sketch and Adobe XD. Working knowledge of concurrency and multi threading in long running daemon processes. In depth understanding of Relational Database Management software, preferably PostgreSQL, MySQL, and MS SQL Server. Experienced in testing software all the way from unit testing to system testing to integration testing. 2+ years of non internship professional software development experienceProgramming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. This is a unique opportunity to jump on a team and business that is growing dramatically. Datawarehouses are central to the big data revolution, and Athena is at the forefront of revolutionizing the space with its serverless Query engine. We are looking for Software Dev Engineers for Amazon Athena who have the passion to tackle technical challenges. Amazon Athena uses ANSI SQL and works with a variety of open source standard data formats, including CSV, JSON, ORC, Avro, and Parquet. The New York team is at the code of the Athena engine, making sure customers can run their queries in the most efficient and salable way across a fleet of thousands of machines. Working in this team will expose your to work on several open source technologies and get deep into challenges on scalability, performance, languages, query engines and more. A as Software Development you will drive and contribute to designs and code across the data plane stack. As Athena teams is growing dramatically in the next year, you will help build new parts of the system and learn from world class experts. 3+ years of experience in development of distributed/scalable systems, scalability and performance consideration, and high volume transaction applications database systems a huge plus!Experience in shipping software as a service productsDemonstrated ability to mentor other software developers to maintain architectural vision and software qualityExperience with SQL and No SQL data storesExcellent Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design, data structures, problem solving, and complexity analysis Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Overview Guidepoint’s Engineering team thrives on problem solving and creating happier users. As Guidepoint works to achieve it’s mission of making individuals, businesses, and the world smarter through personalized knowledge sharing solutions, the engineering team is taking on challenges to improve our internal CRM system and create new products to optimize the seamless delivery of our services. As a PHP Developer, you’ll help to work on challenging development projects in a highly collaborative team environment. Come join a highly collaborative team of skilled programmers with a passion for quality. What You’ll Do Weigh in on database schema design Design and develop web applications using PHP Create and run ad hoc reports written in SQL and iterating through large datasets in PHP Tune database (indexes and schema organization) Aid in crafting an in progress Redis caching layer Implement new features and maintain existing codebase What You Have 3 5 years experience developing web based applications in PHP and LAMP stack Experience with web design & deployment technologies including Javascript, JQuery, XHTML, DOM, CSS Experience using MS SQL Server other relational databases Familiarity working on Linux operating system, caching platforms, and Luncene/Solr preferred Experience working with an open source framework (Zend, Symfony, Yii, CodeIgniter, etc.) and MVC preferred Problem solving skills and a proactive work style Strong interpersonal & communication skills What We Have: Competitive compensation Free snacks and beverages Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents 401(k) match, life insurance, commuter benefits, corporate gym rates, paid time off and parental leave plans Friday happy hour and “Summer Fridays” Year round corporate athletic league Casual work environment About Guidepoint: Guidepoint, a leading expert network firm, connects clients with vetted subject matter experts—Advisors—from their global professional network. Guidepoint clients leverage the insights and perspectives shared by Advisors to stay informed and make better business decisions. Its slate of services, including phone consultations, surveys, events and proprietary data insights products, help professionals gain comprehensive understanding of a topic before making strategic or investment decisions. Guidepoint’s multinational client list includes 9 of the top 10 consulting firms and some of the largest hedge funds, private equity firms and Fortune ranked public companies. For more information, visit wwwguidepoint.com. Temboo is home to environmentalists, technologists, designers, and everyone in between. We believe in empowering all people to use emerging technology to make their own world a better place. Our no code platform for environmental engagement helps communities advocate for policy changes, nonprofits assess environmental conditions, cities maintain green infrastructure, and citizens become more involved. We’re building software that helps people measure, share, and grow their sustainability efforts—and we want you to help! Here’s some things we’re excited about: Our customers are building a wide range of environmental monitoring applications, from tracking soil moisture in city tree beds to assessing pH levels in octopus farms! As reported by the New York Times, our platform helps people combine science, sensors, and community organizing to make where they live, work, and play greener. Regardless of background or experience, we provide all the tools needed to measure, engage, inform, and advocate to build more engaged communities, neighborhoods, and environments. We partner with groups like the Waterfront Alliance, The Grid, and SWIM to lend our support for smarter, more resilient waterfronts and urban communities. Our software comes pre shipped in hardware development platforms for millions of devices from companies like Texas Instruments, Samsung, and Arduino. Our software integrates with over 100 internal and external APIs and cloud services, and we work closely with API providers such as Amazon and Microsoft to make their APIs more accessible. Temboo has been adopted as a teaching tool by over 150 universities worldwide, in courses ranging from traditional CS and engineering, to digital art and urban data mining. We’re looking for a curious, skillful engineer to employ machine learning techniques to develop new features and products at Temboo. You will be responsible for leveraging and advancing existing machine learning systems as you apply them to Temboo’s increasingly rich sensor data and device activity dataset. You will lead the design, prototyping and productization of machine learning based features, and take responsibility for introducing other Temboo developers to machine learning projects. Your specific technical skill set is less important to us than your all around intelligence, problem solving ability, and eagerness for new challenges. It will be your responsibility to identify and introduce new languages and tools to support your machine learning initiatives. What You'll Be Doing Identifying opportunities to apply machine learning techniques to develop new Temboo features, particularly those based on sequence mining Working with other Temboo engineers to implement machine learning algorithms in an efficient manner Shipping new features based on your research Continually observing and refining these features in production to improve behavior over time Taking responsibility for maintaining our data collection, storage and processing infrastructure What We're Looking For In You Proven experience with developing machine learning systems in a professional or academic environment A deep understanding of the mathematical foundations of machine learning algorithms Strong computer science fundamentals (notably algorithms and data structures, distributed systems and information retrieval) Experience with relational database technology eg., MySQL, and distributed data storage and processing systems eg., Hadoop You’re a strong programmer, with experience in both scripting languages and strongly typed programming languages A willingness to learn and use new technologies, strategies, tools, and components Strong written and verbal skills, with an ability to explain complex concepts to a varied audience Experience in a startup environment Why You Should Apply You’ll have a high impact role working with transformative technologies like IoT and Machine Learning You'll work on exciting technical challenges like designing secure, optimized protocols for communicating with internet connected hardware, iterating on our data models and supporting architecture to scale to masses of connected devices, and implementing predictive algorithms for generating insights on sensor data sets You’ll be writing software that people use to make a positive impact on the world You’ll get wide ranging exposure to different aspects of the technology and business worlds since Temboo touches hardware & software, multiple layers of the technology stack, and a variety of industries You’ll be part of a committed, smart, respectful, and fun team We offer competitive compensation, a casual office environment, and respect for autonomy Our users are our customers, and they control their own data. We're not selling ads or user data. 2019 08 01 104 Franklin St. New York, NY 10013 Full time Description We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer who to join us to help deliver Cape. Responsibilities include working with our Product Team & our other Engineers to bring the product vision to reality. An ideal candidate should feel comfortable working in all areas of the stack, from the lowest level on the backend to the customer facing components of the front end. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. Ensure the technical feasibility of product requirements. Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability. Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders. Ensure quality by performing thorough testing of your work and participating in peer reviews within your team Key Qualifications BS in computer science or equivalent experience. 3 5+ years professional experience building performant, user friendly applications. Working experience writing unit, integration, and end to end tests. Good communication and personal skills: ability to interact and work well with members of other functional groups in a project team and a strong sense of project ownership. Experience working on Backend services such as databases, distributed systems, realtime applications, etc. Experience writing Go is a plus. Experience working with React or other frontend technologies is a plus. Experience working with GraphQL, TypeScript or Flow is a plus Experience working in a data science context is a plus Working as a coder at Hudson River Trading (HRT) means working on a small, highly productive and efficient team. At HRT, a fully automated trading firm based in NYC, the code you write *is* our business, so it is everyone's job, top to bottom, to make sure our development teams have everything they need to do their jobs well. As a software engineer joining our compute cluster team, you'll step into a critical role for the future of machine learning at HRT. The team is responsible for the foundation of everything we use to build the trading strategies that make HRT successful, from the libraries and tools upon which our strategies are built, to the monitoring and efficiency of the cluster itself. You'll work closely with algorithm developers to enable new ML techniques, and with our systems engineers to support those techniques at optimal efficiency across storage, networking, and hardware. Together you'll improve the design of our research environment to support large scale ML and new types of research. The Skills: Skilled in software design, testing, deployment, and monitoring in a large distributed compute cluster. Excellent design, debugging, and problem solving skills particularly in complicated distributed compute environments. Experienced working efficiently with large data sets. C++ experience is required, python experience helpful. Knowledge of UNIX operating systems (we use Debian Linux), system/processor performance, and network communication. The Profile: You possess a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field You are capable of working independently as well as part of a team You can analyze and fix problems quickly Can look at code, figure out how it works, and how to make it better Can describe software designs at a high level (the abstract interface), low level (step by step algorithm), or anywhere in between You really like to work with people who challenge you and make you better at what you do In your spare time you: code, tinker, read, explore, break things, and have an insatiable curiosity for all things computer related... you'll find like minded people here. Culture Hudson River Trading (HRT) brings a scientific approach to trading financial products. We have built one of the world's most sophisticated computing environments for research and development. Our researchers are at the forefront of innovation in the world of algorithmic trading. At HRT we come from all sorts of backgrounds: mathematics, computer science, statistics, physics, and engineering. We're a community of self starters who are motivated by the excitement of being at the cutting edge of automated trading. Our culture celebrates great ideas whether they come from HRT veterans or new hires. At HRT we're friends and colleagues, whether we are sharing a meal, playing the latest board game, or writing elegant code. We embrace a culture of togetherness that extends far beyond the walls of our office. Seem like something you might be interested in? Our goal is to find the best people and bring them together to do great work in a place where everyone is valued. HRT is proud of our diverse staff; we have offices all over the globe and benefit from our varied and unique perspectives. HRT is an equal opportunity employer; so whoever you are, we'd love to get to know you. Current is a US. Mobile Bank and one of the fastest growing fintechs with over 15 million members. Headquartered in NYC, we're focused on creating better financial outcomes for people and their unique lives. Our results driven environment enables us to build better products, grow faster and empowers everyone on our team to have an impact on our business and our members' financial lives. About the role: Our team is looking for engineers who are passionate and excited about our mission. You will be working closely with our product and design teams to build our consumer mobile experience. We work with the latest versions of iOS and Swift, and our engineers own the full development cycle as they engineer custom features for our mobile platform. We are looking for motivated self starters who have experience working in a fast paced environment. Required Skills: Experience building complex applications for the iPhone or iPad using Swift / Objective C with Cocoa and other frameworks You are experienced with a variety of iOS frameworks You have a deep understanding of Cocoa design patterns and API design You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code You have released at least one app on the App Store or have a project in the works that you can tell us about Excellent problem solving, critical thinking and communication skills Values team success over personal success Bonus: BS. or MS. Computer Science or 4+ years in software development experience 2+ years building iOS applications Apollo/GraphQL (bonus) Benefits & Perks: Health, dental, vision benefits with 100% premium covered for employees Unlimited vacation days and paid holidays Discounted gym memberships Employee commuter benefits Company equity & discretionary performance bonuses Healthcare and Dependant care FSA benefit A collaborative open floor plan in our Soho based office with a stocked fridge and kitchen, occasional catered lunches, hot and cold drinks, and happy hours We are looking for a hard working, detail oriented, and responsible Healthcare Software Engineer to be part of the Professional Services team of a rapidly growing company. This person will be responsible for working with healthcare clients to design, develop, and implement software products and components, primarily focusing on clinical data integration. Responsibilities include: Participate in functional and technical requirements gathering and review; Develop and implement software products and components for Company and its customers; Implement health information exchange platforms; Create, test, and correct inbound and outbound interfaces based on HL7v2, HL7v3, CDA, X12, FHIR, and other standards; Work closely with technical writers to produce product and/or project documentation; Mentor peers and junior developers on team; Serve as a resource to technical support staff when operational issues are escalated; Travel on occasion, to customer and partner sites; All other duties as assigned. Qualifications: BA/BS or equivalent work experience in the field of Computer Science/Information Technology. Experience in a healthcare oriented software development role, with demonstrated expertise with Cache Object Script, AngularJS, Java, .NET, Hibernate, XML, SOAP or REST. Experience with HL7 standards such as HL7v2, IHE, or FHIR. Experience with the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Agile methodology. Experience working with InterSystems HealthShare, Ensemble, Cache, or ObjectScript, Iris is a plus. Experience building interfaces with a well known integration platform from vendors such as InterSystems, Mirth, Orion, or CorePoint is a plus Development or interoperability experience with EMRs such as Epic, Cerner, Allscripts is a plus. Experience working within the Healthcare industry. Oral and written fluency in English. You must be a resident of the United States, and be authorized to work in the United States Physical & Mental Qualifications All positions require the ability to work on a computer for at least eight (8) hours per day. This includes fine and gross manipulation (typing and utilizing the mouse), looking at a computer screen for extended periods of time, visual acuity (reading off of a computer screen). This also includes the ability to sit and stand for a combined period of at least eight (8) hours per day. All positions require minimum and infrequent lifting requirements (laptop). No positions require walking requirements apart from the travel and commute as stated in this section. All positions require the ability to talk on the phone. Most positions require occasional travel. Most positions allow for working from home, however, positions based in the New York metro area require commuting requirements into the office. All positions require the ability to focus on numerous tasks and project requirements throughout and eight (8) hour workday. All positions require the ability to work, communicate, and collaborate with team members, peers, clients, vendors, and other entities that the Company maintains business relationships with. Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 3+ years professional experience in software developmentComputer Science fundamentals in object oriented design and data structuresKnowledge of professional software engineering practices and the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operationsProduction level programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, Scala, C#, or C++, including object oriented designFamiliar with Web and backend developmentExcellent interpersonal communication and strong verbal and written English skills Amazon’s Advertising Analytics and Insights (A&I) team in Amazon Advertising is looking for a motivated and experienced Software Development Engineers in New York City to develop a brand new platform and product which will change the way how we manage, secure and distribute content with our customers. This is a highly visible position with significant impact and growth. You will get an opportunity to build products from ground up at Amazon scale. You can shape the architecture, design and deliverables without being bogged down supporting legacy systems. We are looking for engineers who can thrive in startup environment, thinks big, and can move fast. If you are passionate about creating the future, come join us as we work hard, have fun, and make history. As a Software Engineer, you will be an important part of the team. Software engineers are vital to our success and we recognize that. You will have opportunity to build your career in a highly visible and growing team. You will get guidance from senior engineers and at the same time will have opportunity to design systems that work at Amazon scale! As full stack engineer in this team:You will develop End to End customer facing features from web portal to back end serviceYou take ownership of all aspects of the software front end, backend, design, architecture and operationsYou will be responsible for every aspect of the software development cycle, including software architectural design, data integration from various internal systems, building backend services for data recommendations, development of highly interactive web applications, software deployment using continuous integration tools, and monitoring to ensure high availabilityYou’ll participate in all major software/architectural design decisions Graduate level degree in computer science or related technical fieldExperience with Agile software development, for example Scrum or KanbanExperience with front end technologies like React and with AWS technologies like DynamoDB Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation. UNIQLO is a brand of Fast Retailing Co., Ltd., a leading global Japanese retail holding company that designs, manufactures and sells clothing under seven main brands: Comptoir des Cotonniers, GU, Helmut Lang, J Brand, Princesse tamtam, Theory, and UNIQLO. With global sales of approximately 114 trillion yen for the 2013 fiscal year ending August 31, 2013 (US $1162 billion, calculated in yen using the end of August 2013 rate of $1 = 9836 yen), Fast Retailing is one of the world’s largest apparel retail companies, and UNIQLO is Japan’s leading specialty retailer. UNIQLO continues to open large scale stores in some of the world's most important cities and locations, as part of its ongoing efforts to solidify its status as a truly global brand. Today the company has a total of more than 1,200 stores in 14 markets worldwide including Japan, China, France, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, UK. and US. In addition, Grameen UNIQLO, a social business established in Bangladesh in September 2010, opened its two first stores in Dhaka in July 2013. UNIQLO operates an integrated business model under which it designs, manufactures, markets and sells high quality, casual apparel. The company believes that truly great clothes should be supremely comfortable, feature universal designs, are of high quality and offer a superb fit to everyone who wears them. With a corporate statement committed to changing clothes, changing conventional wisdom and change the world, Fast Retailing is dedicated to creating great clothing with new and unique value to enrich the lives of people everywhere. For more information about UNIQLO and Fast Retailing, please visit wwwuniqlo.com and wwwfastretailing.com. UNIQLO, Front End Developer The Front End developer for the US E Commerce business team is responsible for the implementation and deployment of interactive and promotional Web Content on Uniqlocom, including but not limited to weekly Homepage refresh, promotional content and product feature presentation. The Front End developer will provide technical guidance to the Marketing team on content updates, email creation and setup of A/B Testing campaigns. As part of the Site Experience team, the Front End developer will help improve the customer shopping experience and drive business results by building fast interactive usability prototypes, identify, troubleshoot and fix UI or browser compatibility issues and optimize the site performance. You will also collaborate with local & remote teams to facilitate the front end coding and delivery of new website functionality, platform enhancements as well as help contribute technically to the Mobile technology strategy and developments. Job Description: Build and update cross browser and cross platform Web Content for Uniqlocom, including weekly homepage refresh using CQ5 and writing custom HTML/CSS/JS code. Provide technical guidance to help marketing team update site content and promotion area, or marketing emails using CQ5, Scene 7 and other third party applications. Build fast interactive usability prototypes to support new development and innovation opportunities. Provide custom coding and technical assistance to help the ECommerce team setup A/B testing campaigns to validate new product and development strategies. Identify and help implement Front End code changes to improve browser compatibility and optimize site performance. Assist the ECommerce and Technical teams to detect, troubleshoot, fix and prevent layout or content issues affecting the production site. Collaborate with international teams to support product implementation and deployment for large, complex, and ambiguous projects. Proven ability to build fast interactive usability prototypes and UI layouts. Research and provide technical assessment of new technology, trends to add interactive and engaging site content for our customers. Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Web Design or related field and/or demonstrated capability through previous experience and education to perform job responsibilities. 2+ years of experience as a UI Engineer/Front End developer. 2+ years of experience building and updating cross browser compatible web content using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, and Ajax. Ability to manage your time and deadlines, as well as the ability to adapt to the ever changing priorities of the E Commerce business. Detail and results oriented with excellent problem solving skills. A highly motivated self starter with strong work ethic. Ability to work quickly and efficiently without sacrificing a consistently high level of attention to detail. Constant drive to stay up to date with the latest industry & technology news and developments. Experience developing custom code in CMS platforms (SiteCore, AEM, etc) a must. CQ5 & Scene 7 experience a plus. Extensive knowledge and experience on all relevant W3C standards (HTML 5, CSS 3, AJAX, JSON, etc.). Strong JavaScript custom coding skills and extensive knowledge in use and deployment of JS libraries (jQuery, Requirejs, etc). Experience with recent frameworks and libraries (Angular, React, Foundation, Bootstrap …) a plus. Extensive knowledge of cross browser/platform UI compatibility and site performance optimization techniques. Web Responsive implementation and techniques experience a plus. Basic proficiency in Adobe CC tools (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) preferred. Ecommerce & Retail experience preferred. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, Fast Retailing does not discriminate against applicants or employees because of race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability, age, citizenship, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression or because of any other status or condition protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Posting Notes: New York || New York (US NY) || United States (US) || Experienced Professional || Corporate || UNIQLO || EX:OUT || UNIQLO || At Arthur, we are building the first platform for Responsible AI. We work with leaders in finance, healthcare, self driving transportation, and other leading AI industries. We are backed by the best investors in enterprise software and are growing our team led by industry veterans with deep expertise in ML. We are looking for Machine Learning Engineers to join our diverse and collaborative team! As a Machine Learning Engineer at Arthur, you'll help build capabilities such as: Detecting and mitigating issues of fairness and bias in ML algorithms Data drift detection, high dimensional density estimation, time series anomaly detection Large scale explainability methods for tabular, image, text, and video data You might have a few of the following: A Masters or PhD in a quantitative field At least two years of professional experience in a data science or ML role Mastery of statistical methods and contemporary ML algorithms Experience with the usual suspects: Python, Scala, or R; Tensorflow, PyTorch or other DL frameworks. Experience deploying ML models to production and thinking deeply about model risk management. Software engineering best practices, version control, containerization ML publications, technical blogging, and/or open source projects Experience with public cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure) Experience in a product drive data science role You'll probably like working with us if you: Enjoy elevating your colleagues and succeeding together Take pride in sharing your knowledge with others Prefer to push yourself outside of your intellectual comfort zone Like costume parties We offer Working with a fast growing and passionate team, lots of opportunity to take ownership with projects and shape our product roadmap The opportunity to get in on the ground floor of a rapidly growing startup Generous equity and a full benefits package A culture that empowers great people to accomplish great things Flexibility to work out of our NYC or DC offices Role Purpose ISD / Yield Book prides itself in setting a market standard for RMBS and CMBS prepayment/default models that are the cornerstone of Fixed Income Analytics products and services provided by the firm. Reporting to the Director – Senior CMBS Modeler, this is a junior level quant developer role responsible for maintenance and development of model code in the suite of firms’ CMBS models. The individual will be responsible for development, maintenance, and support, working closely with Client Service, Product Management, other Research teams, Data, and Technology: Role Responsibilities Learning and understanding Yield Book CMBS prepayment models Deep understanding of the C++ code implementation of the models in Yield Book. Understanding of data flows that support models. Commitment to support and improvement of existing implementations. Working to clean up and enhance quality of the C++ code of the models. Coordination with developers, data teams, other Research team members on model code, to facilitate troubleshooting and handle client requests. Update model implementation documentation at the appropriate level of clarity and detail. Contribute to model validation process, as required by the internal and external clients. Minimum Requirements Strong coding expertise in C/C++ with at least 2 3 years of experience is required. Knowledge of Linux OS is required. Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or Mathematics. Previous financial industry experience with MBS analytics or other areas of Fixed Income is strongly preferred. Strong leadership skills, proven ability to innovate. Proven ability to work with clients. Strong development skills in Python and data science are a significant plus. Excellent communication skills are required, both oral and written. Team player, ability to learn and understand new analytics platform quickly and efficiently. People are at the heart of what we do and drive the success of our business. Our colleagues thrive personally and professionally through our shared values of Integrity, Partnership, Innovation and Excellence are at the core of our culture. We embrace diversity and actively seek to attract people with unique backgrounds and perspectives. We are always looking at ways to become more agile so we meet the needs of our teams and customers. We believe that an inclusive collaborative workplace is pivotal to our success and supports the potential and growth of all colleagues at LSEG. A career with London Stock Exchange Group offers you the opportunity to be at the centre of the financial community. As well as competitive salaries and a range of attractive benefits, we maximise each employee’s potential through personal development plans, training, coaching and mentoring. Please take a moment to read this privacy notice carefully, as it describes what personal information the London Stock Exchange Group (“We”) may hold about you, what it’s used for, and how it’s obtained. If you would like this information to be removed from the London Stock Exchange Group HR database, please either submit a deletion request through the Account Settings menu in your account or contact workday@lsegcom for assistance. Music for everyone, no credit card needed. It’s a promise our platform was built on. And here in the Free team, we’re still building on it. We work on a massive scale, bringing people from all kinds of disciplines and all parts of the business together to deliver an amazing freemium experience to more than 129 million users worldwide. Want to help shape the future of free? Here’s how. We are looking for thoughtful, well rounded Android engineers to join our team and help build an application that millions of people use every single day to discover and listen to music. You will play a leading role in our mobile engineering practice, implementing new features, improving performance, and building beautiful user interfaces. Above all, your work will change the way the world experiences music. If you are looking for impact and challenge then come be a part of an exciting new team. What You’ll Do Collaborate with a small, autonomous team of developers, designers, and product owners to find end to end solutions to important problems Implement these solutions for our Android client, adhering to Android development best practices Help your team solve problems in a way that makes sense for Android users and our codebase Join dozens of other developers and help to shape the direction of Android development at Spotify Who You Are You have a deep understanding of modern Android development You know how to write readable, maintainable, performant object oriented Java You are experienced with Android development tools You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code You have a high level understanding of end to end systems You have released at least one app or have a project in the works that you can tell us about You have at least 3 4 years of professional experience You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 299 million users. COVID 19 UPDATE: The NYC office will remain closed until we feel it is safe to return. All interviews will be virtual until further notice. Small Teams; Big Data At Tapad, we look for individuals who are motivated by complex and challenging work. We want to work with people who share compelling solutions to those challenges, solutions informed by their unique experiences, passions, and expertise. We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join our global engineering team in New York City. We need a person who can work hands on as an engineer, solving complex problems and building advanced software systems. We face daily challenges that are both unique and engaging, while processing data at petabyte scale. That is over one trillion data points in any given 60 day period — with consumer privacy and data security at the heart of everything we do. The size and scale of our challenges demand the use of cutting edge, open source technologies, like Apache Spark, Apache Beam, and Kubernetes. We're proud to have been built on Scala from day one. Collaboration is at the forefront of our day to day at Tapad. You would be working with multiple engineering domains, and with our commercial teams, to guarantee that we are delivering the best products. We believe that our engineers have an obligation to dissent and discuss. A successful Tapad engineer understands that their ideas hold weight, and they contribute freely and regularly. We want someone who is motivated to find large scale solutions with us. We work with big data on small teams. Every contribution is important. When you work with us, you matter. We ask our employees to make an impact, and feel it is only right to give a lot in return. We offer every employee a 401k with matching, generous parental leave, and unlimited PTO (and we mean it!). We believe if you're sick, feel like you're getting sick, or just need a personal day, you should take that time to get better. We have free virtual lunches every month, free continuous education, and an open door policy every day. We make sure our virtual office is a welcoming space, full of individuals who can teach and learn from one another everyday. Technologies we use at Tapad (don't worry, we'll teach you): Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Google Dataflow/Beam, SQL, BigQuery Scala, sbt, cats, http4s, fs2 Spark ML, TensorFlow, Kubeflow, Python, PyTorch Airflow, Prometheus, Kubernetes We are looking for candidates who meet some of the following qualifications: 3+ years of software engineering Strong understanding of algorithms and data structures in knowing when to apply them Deep familiarity with one or more programming languages (Ex: Scala, Java, Python, etc.) Experience working with high scale systems Ability to work with SQL Interested in data engineering and warehousing to develop ingestion engines, ETL pipelines, and organizing the data to expose it in a consumable format Passionate about agile/lean/simple Bonus Experience: Experience with functional programming Strong understanding of concurrent and parallel programming Knowledge of RESTful Web services Experience with machine learning, including Kubeflow and TensorFlow A day in the life as an Engineer: Solve complex problems building advanced software systems, while processing several petabytes of data Adapt quickly to utilize software engineering best practices Demonstrate the ability to deliver quality software collaboratively Designing, implementing, and running big data pipelines that canvas over petabytes of data Contributing to real production projects that constitute Tapad's core offering Collaborate with your team of engineers, and add to product, account, and business development functions to create new products and features Learn functional programming Ensure that the software you create is testable and tested Tapad Perks: Generous PTO no accruing necessary 401k matching, Life, LTD & STD Insurance, dental, vision, and telehealth plan with 24/7 access to a dedicated team of physical and mental healthcare providers Scala School (we'll teach you!), Coursera, LinkedIn Learning, peer led professional development, and an abundance of resources to help you stay sharp Unlimited snacks and beverages, collaboration catered lunches (virtual lunches until we're back in the office) Discounts on gym memberships Foosball, ping pong, diversity and inclusion group, book club, Tough Mudder, push up challenges, and tons of other extra curricular activities that will make you feel like part of the Tapad family (virtual game nights and happy hours until we're back in the office) Check out our #TapadLife page to see what our employees have to say Find more about our engineering culture HERE About Tapad: Founded in 2010, Tapad cracked the code on cross device marketing technology. Our groundbreaking, proprietary technology assimilates trillions of data points to find the relationship between smartphones, desktops, laptops, tablets, connected TVs, and gaming consoles. Ten years later, we are processing data at petabyte scale, with an engineering team that comprises roughly half of our entire organization. When you work with us, you matter, and your work matters. We use Scala, in combination with large scale data processing and open source technologies, to build our device graph. Across our engineering teams, we also use Scala, GCP, Spark, Kubernetes, Python, TypeScript, Angular, and anything else that helps us get the job done. We're open minded about new technologies, we're passionate about what we do, and we make time for everyone to learn and grow as the industry changes. Engineers at Tapad are approachable and ambitious people who think outside the box and solve big problems collaboratively. Are you up for the challenge? Tapad is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of age, sex, race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, disability, or any other legally protected status. Tapad does not accept resumes from unsolicited search firms nor recruiters. In no event shall fees be paid to any unsolicited search firms nor recruiters, regardless of whether the candidate is made an offer or accepts a placement at Tapad. All resumes received through any channels will be considered the sole property of Tapad. Tapad's Talent Team is solely responsible for making the decision on forming partnerships with search firms and third party recruiters. Any communication outside Tapad's Talent team will not be an agreement of services. About Datadog: We're on a mission to build the best platform in the world for engineers to understand and scale their systems, applications, and teams. We operate at high scale—trillions of data points per day—providing always on alerting, metrics visualization, logs, and application tracing for tens of thousands of companies. Our engineering culture values pragmatism, honesty, and simplicity to solve hard problems the right way. The team: The Hot Storage team is responsible for consistently indexing data into our datastores (hundreds of gigabytes of new data per day) and keeping that data available for queries. The team is responsible for building robust and stateful distributed systems and ensuring the data is always available and up to date even when volumes vary widely. The opportunity: As a Software Engineer for the Hot Storage team, you will be responsible for contributing to the technical vision of how we store and retrieve our data. This includes taking ownership of our indexed data services (eg. index events, storing them in datastores, making them available to be queried). To do this, we build distributed, high throughput, and low latency systems with a strong focus on availability, resilience, and durability. You will: Code (Go and Java) new and existing services to scale out our event platform offering Contribute to the architecture and design of our indexed data services Debug and solve challenging cross systems issues in production Help improve our engineering tooling and practices Requirements: You have been building applications for 2+ years and know the systems you've worked on from top to bottom You have backend programming experience You have architected, built, and operated distributed systems to solve problems at high scale You have a BS/MS/PhD in a scientific field or equivalent experience You want to work in a fast paced, high growth startup environment that respects its engineers and customers Bonus points: You've worked at high scale with systems like Akka, Redis or Kafka You've written your own data pipelines before You have a strong background in statistics You have significant experience with Go or a JVM based language Equal Opportunity at Datadog: Datadog is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Your Privacy: For more information on how we maintain the privacy of the information you submit as part of your application, please refer to our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice. Level is bringing together talented, passionate people from diverse backgrounds. We're looking for teammates who are naturally curious and love to ask questions, even when it means challenging the established way of doing things. We foster a work environment where every voice in the room is heard, and encourage people to have a strong sense of ownership over their work. We believe in an inclusive culture where all team members can grow, contribute, and feel valued. About the role Design and build products to increase cost transparency and access to care Develop real time systems for claims processing and payments Architect extensible data models for managing complex healthcare data Help launch our first product and build systems that scale About you 4+ years of software engineering work experience Expertise with server side languages (Go, Java, Python) A passion for working in high performing teams and helping people make better decisions around their healthcare A BS, MS, or PhD. in computer science or a related field Our technologies These are some of the technologies we use today. You don't need to be familiar with these—many people on our team learned them with us. During our interview process, you're welcome to use any language you're most comfortable with. Go Kubernetes Protobuf / gRPC AWS MySQL ElasticSearch React / React Native Typescript Our benefits Competitive salary and equity Great medical, dental, and vision benefits for you and your family Flexible vacation Generous caregiver leave policies Internal learning and development programs About Level Level's mission is to improve healthcare by offering a new way to find, manage, and pay for care. We're starting this journey by tackling employer funded dental insurance. We believe that if people have connected, easy to use products, they'll be more engaged in their benefits and make better decisions around their care. The founding team at Level comes from companies that have simplified payments and insurance—like Square, Oscar Health, and Uber. We started in 2018 in New York City, and are backed by First Round, Homebrew, BoxGroup, and Precursor Ventures. Our e commerce engineers build software to support our partners throughout the business, including sales, marketing, support, accounting, logistics, operations, and studio. We are looking for experienced senior software engineers who are passionate about building highly available and performant systems to successfully support our growing base of products. IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL: Cultivate a deep understanding of our e commerce platform while working on a cross functional agile team, collaborating closely with other engineers and product managers to build, integrate and evolve key components of the architecture that supports our core e commerce functionality. RESPONSIBILITIES: Design and implement software components to facilitate integration with back office systems and front ends. Backend development with a variety of languages including but not limited to Python, Javascript/TypeScript, Nodejs or Kotlin. Help to evolve our e commerce platform by promoting engineering best practices. Write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability, scalability and internationalization. Collaborate with other engineers by taking part in pair programming and leading white boarding solutions, team discussions, and task breakdown. Active engagement in technical discussions during architecture meetings, code reviews, and design docs to help promote a culture of learning and constant improvement. Defend the integrity of the codebase, never compromising on code quality. Ability to say NO, respectfully challenge ideas, and call out potential trade offs. QUALIFICATIONS: 3+ years of software development experience. 1+ in the financial services industry, e commerce, credit card and payment related product operations. 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. Passionate about technology, new ideas, and always willing to learn new things. Ability to contribute consistently and positively in a high paced, fast changed environment. Analytical and creative problem solver, with the flexibility to accommodate evolving business needs. Expert understanding of object oriented and/or functional programming design principles. Good understanding of agile, lean, and DevOps principles. Deep understanding of at least one backend framework like Django, Rails, Spring, or similar. Proven experience with our technical stack or similar (Python, Kotlin, Javascript/TypeScript, Postgres, AWS, GraphQL, DataDog, Docker, Kubernetes). Acute attention to detail and dedication to quality. BONUS POINTS IF YOU: Have experience integrating and evolving backend systems. Have experience working within e commerce and third party payment gateways and/or enterprise middlewares. Have experience integrating and deploying to managed cloud infrastructure (AWS or GCP). Have experience with microservices architecture and the backend for frontend pattern. Are able to take a project from scoping requirements through actual execution and delivery. Attend meetups, conferences, and participate in the software engineering community. Contribute to open source projects. Have experience migrating a monolithic system to an ecosystem of microservices. Have experience with or knowledge of TDD, DDD, CQRS and Event Sourcing. Worked on a system that had to deal with internationalization and localization. ABOUT PELOTON: Peloton is the largest interactive fitness platform in the world with a loyal community of more than 3 million Members. The company pioneered connected, technology enabled fitness, and the streaming of immersive, instructor led boutique classes for its Members anytime, anywhere. Peloton makes fitness entertaining, approachable, effective, and convenient, while fostering social connections that encourage its Members to be the best versions of themselves. An innovator at the nexus of fitness, technology, and media, Peloton has reinvented the fitness industry by developing a first of its kind subscription platform that seamlessly combines the best equipment, proprietary networked software, and world class streaming digital fitness and wellness content, creating a product that its Members love. The brand's immersive content is accessible through the Peloton Bike, Peloton Tread, Peloton Bike+, Peloton Tread+, and Peloton App, which allows access to a full slate of fitness classes across disciplines, on any iOS or Android device, Apple TV, Fire TV, Roku TVs, and Chromecast and Android TV. Founded in 2012 and headquartered in New York City, Peloton has a growing number of retail showrooms across the US, UK, Canada and Germany. For more information, visit wwwonepeloton.com Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. The Coinbase Pro team plays a critical role in executing on that vision. We’re building the most secure and trusted digital asset exchange for institutions and professional traders. We take on hard engineering problems around speed, usability, scalability, security and financial safety to help our customers invest in the rapidly growing digital asset space, and to protect their investments. This is where you come in. You'll help build our flagship trading interface, portfolio management features, and entirely new products that the ecosystem hasn't seen before. You'll also work with our security and risk engineering teams to build trust and safety features to protect user accounts, without compromising on the user experience. If you're excited by the problem space of designing and delivering engaging user experiences, building performant user interfaces, and building trustworthy financial systems, we should talk! What you'll be doing: Work with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter. Build, test and ship customer facing features/products using modern tools like React, ES6, Flow, Styled Components, Jest and Webpack. Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers. What we look for in you: You have at least 4 years of experience in software engineering. You are comfortable working with JavaScript/Typescript. You've developed and shipped user facing features using component based UI frameworks. You're passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together. Nice to haves: You are an active Coinbase Pro customer. You've worked with production scale React apps. You're staying on top of modern JavaScript and frontend best practices. You've worked on front end teams in the finance or security space. Benefits at Coinbase Health, Dental, and Vision insurance covered at 100% for employees and 80% for dependents HSA plan with company seed Disability and Life Insurance 401(k) plan with company match $260 monthly Commuter Benefit Monthly Gym Benefit Volunteer Time Off Fertility Counseling and Benefits Learning and Development stipend 18 weeks paid Parental Leave Meals and Snacks provided onsite The option of getting paid in digital currency 7 year post termination option exercise window (for employees who stay 2 years or more) vs. the industry standard 90 days Sr. Software Engineer Job Title: Senior Software Engineer Job Location: NYC, Seattle, LA, or REMOTE Salary: $150,000 $250,000 Annual Base Salary DOE, Full Covered Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits, BONUS Requirements: At least 5 years with software development, 2+ years with Connected TV (Specifically Roku) We are an exciting, growing company working with cross platforms desktop and mobile. We have been around for over 10 years and have strong partnerships. Currently we are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our intelligent group of engineers. We work with existing and new products. We will need a hands on type of candidate who will take ownership in implement and rolling out new, creative solutions. Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. We are one of the strongest advertising engagement platforms around! 2. 100% Company Paid Health, Dental and Vision Benefits 3. Profit Sharing, Bonuses! What You Will Be DoingDeveloping applications for Connected TV such Roku, Amazon Fire, Apple, etcWorking in a collaborative environment with other engineers to help improve features and designTroubleshoot problemsPerform code reviews and write unit/integration type of testsCross collaborate with product, design, and other departments What You Need for this PositionConnected TV or Mobile devices experienceRuby or PythonJavaScriptRESTful APIsGITRoku Platform (Plus)AdTech (VAST/VPAID/MRAID) What's In It for You $150,000 $250,000 Annual Base Salary DOE BonusREMOTE Option Local to NYC, Seattle, or LA is a PLUS Do you want to be apart of a company that you can take to the next level in Adtech? Please apply today! Please apply to job with most updated resume or send resume to: wendywarner@cybercoderscomApplicants must be authorized to work in the US. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Do you wake up every morning hoping to find time to learn a bit more about platforms like Spark, Kubernetes, Pytorch, or React? Are you interested in building your skills with technologies our cloud customers use every day to help them build their businesses? The Commercial Software Engineering (CSE) team is a global engineering organization that works directly with customers looking to leverage the latest technologies to address their toughest challenges. We work closely with our customers’ engineers to jointly develop code to solve their biggest challenges and to accelerate their organization. We work in collaboration with Microsoft product teams, partners and open source communities to empower our customers to do more with the cloud. We pride ourselves on making contributions to open source and make our platforms easier to adopt. We develop solutions side by side with our customers through collaborative innovation to solve their challenges. This work involves the development of broadly applicable, high impact solution patterns and open source software assets that contribute to the Microsoft platform. In this role, you will be working with managers and developers on your team to apply their skills, creativity and aspirations to the benefit of the customers and to advance their careers. Responsibilities Working hands on with your team and our customers through design and implementation, setting examples for good engineering practices and coding along the way. Exhibiting technical leadership across the broader CSE organization, with the Microsoft Product teams and the OSS community. Model our core values and be a mentor, coach and advisor to other engineers on our team Continuously improving our ability to deliver quality solutions through evolving our engineering process and technical capabilities. Qualifications Required Qualifications: At least 4 years of experience shipping or running production systems and/or software. Preferred Qualifications: Strong service delivery experience including architecture and coding, and ideally building cloud services. Great communication and interpersonal skills, including working across geographics and cultures. We do not require deep expertise in all software stacks that customers use. However, we do look for people who have significant expertise in one software stack (and preferably more). A Bachelor or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related discipline or the equivalent Enjoy travel and comfortable with regional travel up to 20% At Microsoft we are seeking people who have a passion for the positive impact technology can have in our communities and for making a difference in the world. Within CSE, we have an informal and flexible work environment. We invest in your health, wellness and financial future by offering a competitive package including a wide range of benefits built around your personal needs and those close to you. #CSE FY21 Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, HCI, Design, or equivalent practical experience. Experience with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Experience in designing and implementing user interfaces (UIs). Experience in development or prototyping. Preferred qualifications: 8 years of coding experience in one or more of the listed languages: Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS or C/C++ Experience with JavaScript frameworks (Backbone, Angular or Ember) and CSS pre processing frameworks (Sass or Less), Java and C/C++. Experience with scripting languages, such as Python, Ruby, etc. Experience with appealing visuals and smart, extensible code. About the job Google engineers develop the next generation technologies that change how users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. As a member of an extraordinarily creative, motivated and talented team, you develop new products that are used by millions of people. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to take on new problems as we continue to push technology forward. If you get excited about building new things and working across discipline lines, then our team might be your next career step. As a UX Engineer, you'll work on the front end of our products and features used by people everyday. The work is challenging, fast paced, and always changing. You have demonstrated analytical skills, an unwavering commitment to quality, a collaborative work ethic, and cutting edge coding skills. You live and breathe the fundamentals of JavaScript (not just jQuery), CSS, HTML, and command a portfolio of web technologies new and old all in order to launch innovative features to a global audience. User experience is at the forefront of how we create intuitive, innovative, and beautiful products that people love. We strive to learn and understand our users’ needs, behaviors, and emotions to gather insights that inform product strategy and design. Our UX teams include designers, researchers, content strategists, and engineers who are passionate about quality, usability, and simplicity. We work on collaborative teams to solve complex challenges and craft experiences that highlight our products’ unique capabilities and personalities. Our work touches billions while exemplifying a key principle that is core to Google’s philosophy: “Focus on the user and all else will follow.” Responsibilities Work closely with UX designers, project managers, and back end engineers to implement versatile front end solutions to web development issues. Explore product concepts to find promising directions that address both human and business needs. Advise, collaborate with, and synthesize feedback from UX designers and researchers. Deliver innovative, engaging prototypes using the latest in front end technologies. Manage your own time, and work well both independently and as part of a team. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. At Parametric, we offer competitive salaries, generous benefits and opportunities for growth and development. We invite you to explore our available job opportunities listed below and look forward to having you become a part of our continued success! General Description Parametric is seeking Software Engineer to help develop proprietary software solutions. Parametric provides a mature workplace for software professionals. We pride ourselves on our development practices and constantly strive to improve them by implementing new ideas from the Agile community. Custom software is a key element of Parametric’s success and as such we consider software development a tier one competency. Primary Responsibilities Work closely with the business unit and other team members to understand and document requirements Provide flexible solutions to complex business problems using our technology practices Design and develop business tier components Design and develop relational database models Design and develop interactive web based user interfaces Design and develop integration solutions with 3rd party data providers and systems Create unit/integration/functional tests Contribute to evolution of our architecture to make it more flexible and easier to use Follow our development process and guidelines Conduct code reviews of other developers Follow technology trends/tools and recommend improvements to our technology when appropriate Enhance our existing testing and code quality solutions to improve test maintainability, reliability and performance Job Requirements 3+ years of hands on Java/J2EE design and development experience. Understanding of core language features and how to use them properly (interfaces, generics, annotations, reflection, closures, etc.). Practical knowledge of major open source projects including Spring and Hibernate. Experience building highly interactive web based user interfaces using HTML, CSS, Java Script, AJAX, and JSON (knowledge of ExtJS is a plus). Experience with test driven development, JUnit, and test mocking. Familiarity with version control systems such as Git or SVN. Working experience with agile development. Familiarity with continuous integration and build tools like Ant or Gradle. Understanding of SOA, AOP and major design patterns including MVC, DAO, Observer, etc. Working experience with major application servers: Tomcat, WebLogic, etc. Knowledge of RDBMS and SQL. Effective communication skills with business users and other developers. AWS experience and certifications are preferred Parametric is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing a work environment that is free of discrimination and harassment. It does not discriminate against applicants or employees with respect to any terms or conditions of employment on account of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, age, pregnancy, parenthood, physical or mental disability (actual or perceived), medical condition including genetic characteristics, marital status, citizenship status, military service, gender, gender identity or express, registered domestic partner status, domestic violence victim status, status with regard to public assistance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Parametric also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that a person has any of those characteristics or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics. This commitment applies to all persons involved in the operations of Parametric, and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee of Parametric, including supervisors and co workers. All employment decisions shall be consistent with the principles of equal employment opportunity. The information on this website is for US. residents only and does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer. Investing entails risks and there can be no assurance that Parametric (and its affiliates) will achieve profits or avoid incurring losses. All investments are subject to potential loss of principal. Parametric does not provide tax or legal advice. Prospective investors should consult with a tax or legal advisor before making any investment decision. Please refer to the disclosure page for important information about investments and risks. Get to Know Voice Voice is on a mission to take social media back from Big Tech. We believe social media should uplift, empower and unite. We reward creators and curators with Voice Tokens. We block bots and burner accounts at the door. We are transparent about how we use your data and are opt in by default. Description Voice is seeking passionate software developers to join our team in Blacksburg, Virginia or Brooklyn, New York. You will be responsible for helping design and develop the Voice blockchain smart contract software and related services, and to coordinate with the rest of the team working on various layers of services and data infrastructure. You will have the opportunity to work on novel token management, gaming, and other algorithms, events and messaging, and databases, on the EOSIO blockchain platform to meet the needs of Voice. Responsibilities: Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C++ code Develop blockchain smart contract solutions and provide support for smart contract development Implement performance and quality modules Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Able to work independently with minimal guidance on tasks Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: BA/MS degree in Computer Science or related degree Strong proficiency in C++, with solid knowledge of language specification. Experience with C++ 11 or 14 required, particularly mastery of STL, Boost and Lambdas. 4+ years of experience, preferably in an environment where latency and speed are factors (eg., finance); or where large volumes of data are used by large numbers of users (eg., social media) Familiarity with blockchain a plus, but not required We are compliant with official health and safety guidelines for COVID 19 workplace conditions, including social distancing and working remotely as appropriate. This position may begin working remotely, however the ability to work on site in our Brooklyn, New York office is expected (as official guidelines evolve). Voice is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status At the heart of our business, we are connecting decision makers to business and financial information, news and insight. As our industry has evolved, the way our clients consume data has changed. Today our large enterprise clients demand tight integration of Bloomberg products with their own highly complex and time sensitive back end systems. That is where we come in. The Enterprise Console group is responsible for providing cloud based infrastructure for our clients, technologists in client firms and Bloomberg’s internal service and support desk, with a way to configure, provision, monitor, alert on various resources, provided as part of our Enterprise Integration suite. We provide this set of functionality through our web application (https://consolebloomberg.com). It is pivotal that we provide our clients with a consistent experience as they are navigating through the different parts of the application as well as the easiest way for them to tackle issues. We have formed a team with a good mix of engineers with experience in different areas and parts of our stack which is built to the latest industry standards with open source technologies. We are currently seeking motivated Web Front end and Full Stack Engineers who can help us deliver on some key business initiatives in the short term while also helping to design a better system over the long term. You'll need to have: Proficiency with either Javascript/Typescript/ES6+ Proficiency in Java, Scala or other web backend language Experience working with high volume consumer facing Web applications We'd love to see: Industry experience with either Angular 2+, React Proficiency in SCSS Experience with testing tools such as Protractor, Karma, WebPack, Serenity Understanding of RESTful API design A keen interest in technological advances and the ability to incorporate new technology into existing systems If this interests you, please apply! About the Role: Seated is an app that rewards you for dining out. Users can browse restaurants based on their location, preferences or mood and book either as walk in or reservation. The seated mobile app, powered by robust microservices architecture, provides a convenient way to upload receipts, verify spend and reward users. The Seated platform further allows users to spend rewards on in person experiences such as wine tasting & cooking classes or redeem rewards for gift cards from a wide variety of brands such as Uber, Amazon, Target or SoulCycle. We are fast paced, innovative and metric driven, with a team that are passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product design, develop technology solutions for mobile applications, scale our microservices for millions of users, use AI for automation & fraud prevention or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. As the Senior Software Engineer you will work with the software development team based in New York, you'll help define technical standards and drive the architectural and engineering vision in a very dynamic environment. You'll translate business needs into live features and partner directly with business owners who recognize the value of technology. You will have a strong voice in product design and ownership over coding, QA, and production support. To be successful in this role you will have 1+ years of experience in developing and supporting software systems, as well as being a strong individual contributor with strong quantitative, analytical, strategic thinking and problem solving skills. What you'll do Actively participate in tech design for complex high performance service oriented architectures Develop reliable, fault tolerant & distributed software solutions, ensuring global compatibility Work with business users to ensure understanding of the business process and proper implementation in software Scale backend systems & microservices for high throughput & low latency while running against rapidly expanding data sets Follows engineering best practices from coding, testing and performance perspective What you'll bring Bachelors in CS or Engineering, Masters preferred 1+ years experience in successfully shipping large scale engineering projects Ability to rapidly adapt to new technologies and concepts to productional business solutions & product designs In depth knowledge of distributed database systems, big data architectures & scalable fault tolerant caching solutions Hands on development experience in Java or similar object oriented programing language Experience developing low latency APIs and distributed RESTful Web Services Experience & in depth knowledge of Dockers, Kubernetes or similar container technologies What you'll get Comprehensive Healthcare, Dental, and Vision Generous 401(k) Matching Stock options Unlimited PTO Pre Tax Flexible healthcare spending account (FSA), Dependent Care FSA and Commuter Benefits Paid Family Leave $100 monthly Seated allowance (dine on us) Stocked fridges, coffee, soda, and lots of treats Collaborative, dynamic work environment within a fast paced, mission driven company At Seated we welcome passionate people from all backgrounds, helping us make dining experiences more accessible & rewarding. If you have the curiosity & passion to drive our mission together, we would love to hear from you. Description: The work we do is changing people's lives and businesses for the better every single day. That’s not an overstatement, it’s the truth. DGA Security Systems and its family of companies are the leaders in personal and business security and monitoring. The security industry is changing faster than ever before, and our software engineering team is driving this rapid advancement. Our service oriented architecture is the industry standard and is used to power internal and external applications, including mobile applications, APIs, and integrated SMS and web applications. Come join an entrepreneurial engineering group within an industry leading company that has been growing and profitable for over 50 years. If it’s cutting edge technology, a reliable company and no worries about when the next round of funding will come in that you’re looking for, well, we have all of that. You will sharpen your skills, learn new things and help develop the next generation of applications in an industry that is consistently growing, while maintaining a good work/life balance. About the Team Our software development team is an integral part of the larger organization and is responsible for much of the growth and innovation at the company. Team members have a range of experience and diverse backgrounds allowing for significant knowledge sharing. The team is supported by robust QA, IT, Design and Product resources. We have embraced Agile development both within the team and throughout the organization. Primary ResponsibilitiesBuild web and mobile applications, solving both hard technical and product problems to deliver a product that moves our company and industry forwardWrite quality, maintainable, unit tested, well documented code in a fast paced professional software development environmentEmploy Agile methodologies to continuously deliver value to end usersActively contribute to team and company standardsPerform and participate in code reviews . Requirements: Desired Skills and ExperienceExperience in full stack development:PythonPHPMySQL and/or Microsoft SQL ServerFrameworks, especially CodeIgniter and FlaskHTML5, CSS, JavaScriptSolid Understanding of Web Services, Service Oriented ArchitectureExperience integrating SOAP and REST APIsFast learner with excellent problem solving skillsBachelor’s degree, Computer Science or equivalent preferred Blend helps lenders maximize their digital agility. Our digital lending platform is used by Wells Fargo, US. Bank, and other leading financial institutions to increase customer acquisition, improve productivity, and accelerate the delivery of any banking product across every channel. We process more than $35 billion in mortgages and consumer loans daily, helping millions of consumers get into homes and gain access to the capital they need to lead better lives. Reducing friction and helping consumers access loans is only one part of the puzzle for home buyers. As Blend expands, we are taking a consumer first approach and seeking to remove friction and add transparency to all aspects of the home buying process. Getting a mortgage is but one step along a journey of additionally required services—each with its own supplemental experience. The Home Buying Journey team at Blend is set out to build systems that unify this ecosystem into a holistic 11 star experience for consumers. We’re looking for team members whose curiosity and drive will propel this next generation experience. You’ll work alongside business line owners, product managers, and design in an iterative and collaborative environment. As part of the team, you will play a major role in guiding the direction of several fast growing product lines part of Home Buying Journey. How you'll contribute: Work multi functionally to deliver user facing features from end to end Own and improve the user experience across Home Buying Journey products Design and implement software and tools to empower Blend subsidiary agencies to do their workflows and operations Integrate Blend's service with the best external solutions when possible, and actively manage the integration with vendors Who you are: You have 4+ years of experience building high quality production software You have strong communication skills and the ability to distill and convey complex information to multiple stakeholders You have deep experience with one or more modern JavaScript frameworks, such as React, Angular, or Vuejs. We use React, but we know you’ll pick it up quickly if you haven’t used it in the past You understand accessibility (a11y) best practices You’ve worked in a modern product development organization and can effectively collaborate with product and design to guide complex projects to successful outcomes Bonus Points! Experience with TypeScript Experience building enterprise software Experience building a UI platform Benefits and Perks: Meaningful equity and a 401(k) plan Comprehensive health benefits Wellness benefits covering a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more Daily meal stipend for non regularly remote employees during COVID 19 (and lunch, dinner,snacks, and Pizza Fridays provided in offices outside of COVID 19) Weekly mindfulness meditation class Weekly remote company all hands 4 months of paid parental or personal leave Flexible work schedule, with open vacation policy and companywide mental health days during COVID 19 Work from home office set up stipend and internet stipend during COVID 19 Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable law, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Notice at Collection for California Applicants We’re looking for entrepreneurial ML engineers who are motivated by our mission to simplify healthcare. We’re building a data platform and API layer that powers the workflows of healthcare providers, care navigation platforms, health plans, and emerging digital health companies. You’ll be involved throughout the product lifecycle and collaborate closely with technical and non technical stakeholders to understand their various data needs, and how to best use Ribbon’s data to solve them. What we look for at Ribbon: Passion and drive to simplify healthcare by building products that increase access to care and power every healthcare decision to be high quality, cost effective, and convenient Commitment to Ribbon Health company values, working on an exceptional team, and building an exceptional company Grit, hustle, desire, and a “get it done” attitude; strong comfort with a lean startup environment, where everyone is encouraged to participate in and contribute across all teams Dedication to the creation of a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment where teammates are celebrated for their unique perspectives and work together to simplify healthcare for all What we’re looking for in this role: You are proficient with SQL and have experience working with data at scale (eg., Postgres, EMR, Spark, HBase, Presto, Postgres) You feel comfortable owning ML workflows, such as automating the training of a predictive model, the deployment of that model at scale, etc You have some experience designing, building, and/or managing scalable systems in the cloud (eg., AWS, Google Cloud, Azure). You have a track record of learning new technologies and languages on the job Although you’ll initially work mostly in Python, you’ll help us continue to evaluate new technologies and find the best tools for the job at hand Your day to day: Work closely with both business stakeholders and the machine learning team at Ribbon Build and launch new models into production: You will work with the machine learning team to design, build, and launch new products and product features. This includes new APIs to extend the reach of our core technology Build data infrastructure and work closely with data pipelines: You will develop infrastructure to support our ETL, analytics, and modeling workflows. Data engineering is a core part of what we do, so you have to love working closely with data! Build and refine ML models: You will help create ML models that improve Ribbon's abilities to surface the most accurate healthcare data possible Evaluate third party data sources: You will make decisions about what data is worth buying to augment the Ribbon data set We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer Infrastructure to help our engineering teams build scalable, extensible, reliable, and performant systems. The role will be hands on optimizing our Kubernetes clusters, managing our GCP infrastructure, and improving our DevOps and SRE practices. Learn more about our automation with this blog post on Argo, Kustomize and Config Connector. Bluecore ingests 100’s of millions of events per day, sends millions of personalized emails, and manages hundreds of terabytes of data. We use Google Cloud hosted infrastructure services including Google App Engine, Kubernetes/GKE, BigQuery, PubSub and Cloud SQL. Our stack consists primarily of Python and Golang on the backend with gRPC services, and JavaScript (React) on the frontend. We emphasize a culture of making good tradeoffs, working as a team, and leaving your ego at the door. Bluecore’s Engineering team is made up of exemplary engineers who believe in working collaboratively to solve complex technical problems and build creative solutions that are as simple as possible, but as powerful as necessary. You will be hands on managing hundreds of servers with Infrastructure as Code tools (Terraform, Config Connector) and optimizing our multi zone and multi region network topology. You will be responsible for designing, building and supporting automation tools to help developers safely manage release operations and highly available systems. You will be maintaining Bluecore’s shared libraries providing best practices for service development. You will be responsible for our system and application level security practices, from container scanning, to RBAC, to service and user level AuthN and AuthZ systems. Responsibilities Manage hundreds of servers and thousands of containers on our Google Kubernetes Engine clusters using various automation tools. Design and manage zero trust networks using Open Policy Agent (OPA), Envoy and Istio. Define and scale our Observability strategy with Prometheus, Jaeger, and Grafana. Design, architect, and build performant, reliable, high quality systems at scale within one or more engineering domains. Provide significant engineering contribution even in domains with less expertise. Plan, design, and roadmap extremely large and complex projects with difficult and intertwined dependencies that push the boundary of what the engineering team and the entire business is capable of. Promote coding standards, styles, and design principles across the organization. Proactively identify technology opportunities for the company, and push technical ideas, proposals, and plans to the entire organization and beyond through presentations, technical specs, blog posts, and documentation. Lead company wide technical strategy and decisions, and facilitate progress by building consensus amongst senior engineering leadership and company leadership. Advise and advocate for best tools, methods, and approaches for the entire engineering organization. Evangelize Bluecore Engineering internally and externally, including leading external initiatives to promote Bluecore Engineering in the wider community. Requirements Hands on experience maintaining Kubernetes at scale and running various workloads on Kubernetes. Designing and maintaining network infrastructure, including cloud based load balancing and ingress/egress design. Experience with metric and alerting tools, and experience with distributed tracing systems. Capable of owning engineering and company level issues or gaps, and successfully planning and executing towards resolution, all while continuously identifying and exploring additional opportunities and proactively preventing upcoming risks. Experience developing technical roadmaps and estimates that have pushed product and business growth over several quarters. Has a proven track record of successfully completing work that spans multiple teams and quarters, creating large impacts to business success. Experience excelling within a high growth, startup environment or building out a new team/function within a larger company preferred. Experience with technical team mentorship, including guiding other engineers to become more effective technical leaders and providing feedback on best practices in code and design. Able to identify your team's dependencies on other areas and across functions, communicate effectively to remove any immediate blockers, and propose and implement process changes that strengthen and maintain efficiency. Adept at effectively communicating with external customers about critical production issues, as well as working with internal stakeholders from Bluecore’s customer success and support teams to propose and implement immediate fixes and resolution plans. Benefits: Highly competitive compensation package including salary and equity as well as the opportunity to work for one of the fastest growing marketing technology companiesComprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance401(k) planMonthly discretionary reimbursement towards fitness, home office and/or Learning and Development opportunities Generous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy Bluecore is a marketing technology company that’s reimagining how the world’s fastest growing retail brands transform casual shoppers into lifetime customers. Through our patented retail data model and the recent release of Bluecore Communicate™ and Bluecore Site™, we replace manual processes with an intelligent, AI driven workflow. We are credited with doubling email revenue, and increasing customer retention for more than 400 brands, including Express, Tommy Hilfiger, The North Face, Teleflora, and Bass Pro Shops. We have been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nation’s fastest growing private companies. At Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences. Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status. We are looking for a hard working, detail oriented, and responsible Healthcare Software Engineer to be part of the Professional Services team of a rapidly growing company. This person will be responsible for working with healthcare clients to design, develop, and implement software products and components, primarily focusing on clinical data integration. Responsibilities include: Participate in functional and technical requirements gathering and review; Develop and implement software products and components for Company and its customers; Implement health information exchange platforms; Create, test, and correct inbound and outbound interfaces based on HL7v2, HL7v3, CDA, X12, FHIR, and other standards; Work closely with technical writers to produce product and/or project documentation; Mentor peers and junior developers on team; Serve as a resource to technical support staff when operational issues are escalated; Travel on occasion, to customer and partner sites; All other duties as assigned. Qualifications: BA/BS or equivalent work experience in the field of Computer Science/Information Technology. Experience in a healthcare oriented software development role, with demonstrated expertise with Cache Object Script, AngularJS, Java, .NET, Hibernate, XML, SOAP or REST. Experience with HL7 standards such as HL7v2, IHE, or FHIR. Experience with the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Agile methodology. Experience working with InterSystems HealthShare, Ensemble, Cache, or ObjectScript, Iris is a plus. Experience building interfaces with a well known integration platform from vendors such as InterSystems, Mirth, Orion, or CorePoint is a plus Development or interoperability experience with EMRs such as Epic, Cerner, Allscripts is a plus. Experience working within the Healthcare industry. Oral and written fluency in English. You must be a resident of the United States, and be authorized to work in the United States Physical & Mental Qualifications All positions require the ability to work on a computer for at least eight (8) hours per day. This includes fine and gross manipulation (typing and utilizing the mouse), looking at a computer screen for extended periods of time, visual acuity (reading off of a computer screen). This also includes the ability to sit and stand for a combined period of at least eight (8) hours per day. All positions require minimum and infrequent lifting requirements (laptop). No positions require walking requirements apart from the travel and commute as stated in this section. All positions require the ability to talk on the phone. Most positions require occasional travel. Most positions allow for working from home, however, positions based in the New York metro area require commuting requirements into the office. All positions require the ability to focus on numerous tasks and project requirements throughout and eight (8) hour workday. All positions require the ability to work, communicate, and collaborate with team members, peers, clients, vendors, and other entities that the Company maintains business relationships with. Join a team that seeks partners for growth. NesTECH seeks talented, dedicated people. We feel that our people are our most important asset. We work to attract and keep the best people in the business; continuously looking for and evaluating new candidates who can help us achieve further success. We offers an excellent salary, bonus plan and great benefits along with a challenging, yet stable work environment. Send Resume to: jobs@nestechnet or Fax it to (212) 232 0055 Job Type: Full Time Years Experience: 3 5 years Skill Set: Candidate must have experience in developing an enterprise level application. Complete knowledge and experience is required in at least one programming discipline. Knowledge of database, email, operating systems and internet based applications is expected. Ability to manage multiple facets of an engagement as it relates to client expectations. Minimum 3 to 5 years experience in applications. Job Description: Creating and maintaining application level code and systems. Assisting in the Class structures design, application level design, database design and system integration. Responsible for defining, deciding and documenting the company's development methodology, writing white papers on best practices in the field of expertise, evaluating and preparing case studies and providing inputs in the selection of proper technology and tools in different scenarios. Frequently consults with client to provide effective and efficient business application solutions and performs all necessary project related tasks such as gathering and analyzing requirements, laying out suitable application architecture, leading the team of individuals in the design, development and implementation process. Our mission at Tailwind is to make world class marketing easy for everyone. It's an ambitious goal. For 8 years, we have created software that has impacted over 500,00 brands across the globe. Our 70 person company has grown quickly in recent years. And we are excited to continue that growth! That's where you come in. We are looking for software developers to join our engineering team to continue creating new and exciting features that are changing the way people run their business. Here are some of our current company initiatives that our dev teams are working towards: UX Advancements: We are focusing on creating substantial improvements to our UX for both our mobile and web apps. Developing new, greenfield tools and features to provide value to our customers: We are focusing on new initiatives and features to expand our functionality and bring new value to our members. Ensuring our platform is set up for long term success: Our platform team (DevSecOps) is pushing forward to ensure our systems, processes and technology is running smoothly, today and in the future. Key attributes for our ideal software developer candidate include: Full stack know how: You embrace the full stack concept and infrastructure and aren't afraid to switch between languages and platformsVersatile: You're comfortable writing front end components, unit testing a back end endpoint or anything in between. Product experience: You have experience developing solid, scalable products — whether you've been doing it for 2 years or 22 years. Agile: You're comfortable working in an agile development environment, where requirements and goals might rapidly evolve as we learn from our users. Embracing cross team collaboration: You want to be on a team that's radically collaborative, free of silos, where engineers work in partnership with team members from across the company (product, design, customer success, marketing). You love data. Problem solving: You have exceptional analytical skills, are an out of the box thinker, and are comfortable with quickly learning, evaluating, and deploying new technologies even in ambiguous situations. Constant learning: You're always learning patterns, practices, and tools to improve your and the team's development experience including being involved in the dev community. You may have side projects too. What you'll love about this role: You'll be building products that small business owners use daily, helping them to pursue their dreams and thrive financially using our platform. You'll play an active role in the entire development process — from planning, designing, architecting, coding to implementation and documentation. You'll have the freedom and support to challenge yourself with difficult problems without being afraid of failing, with opportunities to learn from mistakes. Our engineering team is a collaborative group of programmers who want to learn from you and help you learn! You'll dive into our modern tech stack and toolkit, and start shipping code on day one; immediately influencing the direction of the product, the team, and the company in a big way. We're nimble and fast moving, without corporate red tape, approval layers, or politics. You'll get ownership shares, company paid insurance premiums and extremely competitive benefits package, salary refreshes twice a year with annual bonuses, and an unlimited vacation policy Our technology stack: You'll need to have production experience with at least some of our technologies, frameworks, and languages. Or at a minimum similar ones that will help you learn and start contributing quickly. Front end: JavaScript (React), TypeScript, HTML5, CSS, Sass, Bootstrap Back end: PHP 7, Laravel, Express, Beanstalk, Memcached Testing: PhpUnit, Tape, Enzyme Database: MariaDB, TokuDB Version Control: GitHub CICD: CircleCI Dev Tools: Docker local environment, Rust CLI productivity tools IDEs: VSCode, PHPStorm DevOps: ELK (ElasticSearch, LogStash, Kibana), New Relic, Indicative Analytics Hosting: Rackspace (dedicated + virtual servers + CDN), AWS (cloud instances + CDN) Agile Communication: Clubhouse, Slack, and Github NOTE: Please don't talk yourself out of applying if you don't "check all the boxes." We support each other's growth and celebrate our differences at Tailwind. If you're passionate about growing successful teams and hiring, feel free to apply. We'd love to hear from you. More about us: We are all owners (literally): We take responsibility, don't pass blame, and don't rest until the problem is solved We're growing quickly – roughly doubling year on year – and we're profitable We set audacious goals and tackle challenges daily, which leaves no room for ego or a sense of entitlement We're multi office: Most of our team members work in our headquarters in Oklahoma City, while many of us call our New York City office home, and a few of us work remotely We're radically transparent: Sharing new ideas and plans, giving feedback, and making everyone feel welcome in every conversation Our growing team blends deep early stage DNA (team + alumni have started 17 companies, and helped build 18 other startups) with industry expertise born out of leading names in tech and marketing such as Google, YouTube, AOL, AWeber, a la mode, BigWing Interactive, Paycom, Apple, Yodle and PCI We believe our industry's lack of diversity hurts us all and work hard to foster a company culture that's inclusive and appreciative of everyone's talent, authenticity, and ideas — regardless of our differences Learn more about life at Tailwind: https://wwwtailwindapp.com/careers Glassdoor reviews: https://wwwglassdoor.com/Reviews/Tailwind Reviews E771559htm Please note: We have implemented a uniquely transparent compensation model based on our culture and values. You can learn more about our Tailwind Open Compensation System here: wwwtailwindapp.com/about/open compensation. While applying, we'll ask you for your target compensation level; we use this question strictly to screen out candidates who are not feasible hires based on our compensation system. It will not / does not impact what we offer any candidate. About Thirty Madison Thirty Madison is building the premier healthcare company for people with chronic health issues. Through our novel approach to care delivery, powered by our proprietary platform and brands built around specific chronic conditions, we combine the best of specialist level healthcare with the convenience of telemedicine. In just three years, we've built three brands on top of our platform: Keeps (for men's hair loss), Cove (for migraine), and Evens (for acid reflux). We're growing rapidly, recently raised a $47m Series B, and are backed by some of the best healthcare and consumer investors, including Polaris Partners, Johnson & Johnson, Maveron, Northzone, First Round, and Greycroft, among others. The Role Are you an engineer interested in contributing to an experienced team that is rebuilding the healthcare experience for the modern consumer? You will get to: Work with team leads to architect key systems Implement new platform features for our core platform Work with the design team to deliver pixel perfect implementations Perform peer code reviews You should have: 4+ years experience as a Full Stack Engineer Fluency in at least one modern web framework (ex: Node/React, Ruby on Rails, Python/Django, etc.) A strong conviction in favor of reliable unit, end to end, and integration testing We value: Resourceful builders who can balance the pace of a fast growing startup with the need for high quality code Great communicators who can deliver visibility across the organization and suggest initiatives to maximize impact Entrepreneurs at heart who are excited to be part of a growing team, take initiative, and drive results. Team players with no ego who are eager to learn on their own and from others how to level up in their career This role reports into a Technical Team Lead. How we are managing through the COVID pandemic and its impact on our team? These are unprecedented times and we understand COVID 19 is impacting everyone differently. Our primary goal from the beginning of the pandemic has been to ensure employee safety. We went from optional to mandatory work from home very quickly in early March, and we have told employees that they can work remotely through April 2021 to allow them to plan accordingly. We have also rolled out several initiatives to help our team successfully navigate the uncertainty associated with COVID 19. These initiatives have included providing funds for home office improvements, medical reimbursements, free meditation/mindfulness tools, mandatory "Me Days" away from work, company wide days off, and fun opportunities to connect live with teammates each week (such as virtual escape rooms). We continue to examine different benefits, tools, and processes that best support our employees as we continue to work remotely and eventually begin transitioning back to the office. Benefits: Competitive salary, equity, and career development opportunities 100% coverage on many health, dental, and vision insurance plans Pre tax commuter benefits, 401k, and FSA Budget for the technology tools you need — whether a laptop, monitor, or special software Unlimited vacation days and annual $1,000 vacation stipend We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions. Please contact us to request accommodation. EvTek is a full service Recycling Technology Company that helps people, businesses, and municipalities who want money and data for their recyclables. The EvTek System is a reliable and trustworthy recycling solution that generates metrics to connect consumers to their actions and provides our customers value through carbon credits, consumer data, and higher quality raw materials. Unlike other companies that have aging and inefficient recycling processes, EvTek increases value by maximizing efficiency at every step of the supply chain. Duties: As the Lead Software Engineer, you will be in charge of all software related aspects of the company. Our team is small, fast, and agile and we are tackling some of the industry's most challenging problems every day. We are partnered with one of Long Island's largest recycling centers so we are able to test our technology in the real world and make a true difference in our community and beyond. Skills Required: Passion for Recycling. Solid Mathematical and Algorithms Knowledge (Strong knowledge of Computer Vision, Machine Learning with a focus in Deep Learning, and general Artificial Intelligence algorithms is required). Expertise In Programming Languages (Python/C++/Java). Understands high level architectural design and patterns. Experience building "full" solutions. Actively mentors intermediate and junior developers. Well Versed With Probability and Statistics. Efficiency In Distributed Computing. Command Over Unix Tools. Curiosity, Creativity, and Patience. Ability To Grasp New Concepts Quickly. Significant Equity + Negotiable Salary Come join us and Close the Loop! About EvTek: We believe it is our responsibility to build a sustainable world. It is possible to naturally shift human behavior so that together we save and maintain the world's beauty, instead of destroying it. When our customers recycle with us, we go to extraordinary lengths to ensure them that they aren't just recycling, they are truly contributing to closing the loop. Our incentive based programs coupled with advanced metrics allow individuals and corporations to easily adopt a sustainable lifestyle. When you recycle with us it is just the beginning, through our educational programs and eco friendly product line, we help guide people to make sustainable choices, creating a first of its kind positive feedback loop. In the Flatiron District, NYC based FinTech company is looking for a React Based Tech lead to join their team. This is a project management based position where you will be in charge of running entire projects from start to finishRequired:5+ Years Experience working as a Front End DeveloperExperience working with ReactExperience working with Typescript and NodeExposure to ScalaUnfortunately, this client is unable to provide sponsorship or transferThis is a full time, permanent direct hire. Not available as corp to corp, contract, C2HJob Type: Full timePay: $170,00000 $200,00000 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable more reliable than spontaneousDetail oriented would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 Helps define the product roadmap; Acts as subject matter expert and thought leader to management staff. Fundamental Components Maintains up to date knowledge of competitive products, services and trends through research of bleeding edge technology and trends. Reviews the coding work of more junior team members. Partners with senior leadership to help bring together Aetna's extensive digital assets. Background Experience Ability to drive team wide consensus toward adoption of new design and direction. Ability to drive the adoption of new technology and trends. Ability to understand complex distributed system/application concepts and design, and communicate clearly how to construct applications within such a system. 7 years software development experience. 4 years experience developing apps on the specific platform. Bachelor’s Degree and 4 8 years relevant experience Education Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience Percent of Travel Required 0 10% Business Overview At Aetna, a CVS Health company, we are joined in a common purpose: helping people on their path to better health. We are working to transform health care through innovations that make quality care more accessible, easier to use, less expensive and patient focused. Working together and organizing around the individual, we are pioneering a new approach to total health that puts people at the heart. We are committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive workplace. CVS Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring or promotion based on race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, age, disability or protected veteran status. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities. ABOUT 4C: 4C is building the leading self service intelligence platform for marketers to drive business outcomes across closed ecosystems. Brands, agencies, and media owners around the world trust Scope by 4C™ to surface insights about their most valuable consumers and creatives, and activate them across channels and devices. With over $2 billion in annualized advertising spend running through Scope, 4C bridges linear television, streaming video, digital commerce, and social media. Founded in 2011 and based in Chicago, 4C has staff in the United States, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Singapore. Visit www4Cinsights.com for more information. ABOUT THE ROLE: 4C is looking for talented Software Development Engineers who are passionate about solving real problems and excited about using the latest technology to do it. As an engineer on the team, you will be responsible for helping craft the future of our service both on the frontend interfaces and the backend APIs to support it. You will be working closely with people across engineering, product, and design to help develop an amazing experience for our agency & brand customers. A little about our team: we are a fullstack team of experts in frontend, backend, product and design. We care deeply about our stack and tools, focusing on the best to get the job done. We've built a large modern single page Ember application which we are rapidly moving to React. Performance is incredibly important to us, as we often need to surface extremely large datasets to our users. We are a team that values continuous learning, curiosity, clear communication, deep self motivation and are committed to building an inclusive environment for everyone. RESPONSIBILITIES: Build, test and ship new user facing code in modern tools like React, ES6, Redux, Jest and Webpack Create trustworthy user experiences by building products that are simple, easy to understand, performant and reliable Design highly performant and tested APIs and internal services using tools like Python, Celery, Kubernetes, MySQL, Mongo and Redis Articulate a long term vision for maintaining and scaling our systems across the board Work with other engineers, product mangers, designers and leadership to turn our vision into a concrete roadmap every quarter REQUIREMENTS: At least 2 3 years of experience in software engineering with strong computer science fundamentals You've architected, built, scaled and maintained production services You've designed, built and shipped modern, component based user interfaces You write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your users You're passionate about building technology at scale and solving challenges for your customers in creative and innovative ways NICE TO HAVES: You've worked with JavaScript (ES6) and have worked with production scale React apps You're on top of modern JavaScript and frontend best practices You've worked with modern Python and large backend services using technologies such as Flask Experience working with both SQL and no SQL databases Previous experience working with third party APIs at scale (such as Facebook Graph API) Remote opportunities available WE OFFER: We offer a challenging job in a dynamic international environment. At 4C you have the opportunity to make an impact. We are proud of our open and informal culture. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including Health, Dental, Life Insurance, Matching 401K, Unlimited Vacation and Maternity and Paternity Leave. The salary will be commensurate with experience. Snapchat is the camera used by millions of people every day to Snap with family, watch Stories from friends, see events from around the world, and explore expertly curated content from top publishers. In short, we are a passionate team working hard to build the best platform in the world for communication and storytelling. Bitmoji is the digital you — a living cartoon character to instantly express who you are and how you're feeling, in the moment. We believe that the magic of cartoons can improve everyone’s online lives, and empower people to communicate in ways that words alone can’t capture. We’re looking for a Software Engineer, Graphics to join Team Bitmoji. Working from our NYC office, you will be tasked with solving interesting technical challenges such as building a proprietary graphics platform to render and deliver Bitmojis, designing expressive creative tools, and maintaining software used by millions every day. What you'll do: Design, develop, and maintain a cross platform, high performance graphics rendering engine to make Bitmojis more engaging Create tools for artists to continue to deliver new avatar features that are performant and expressive Evaluate the technical tradeoffs of every decision Perform code reviews and ensure exceptional code quality Build robust, lasting, and scalable products Iterate quickly without compromising quality Minimum Qualifications: 4+ years of software engineering experience Bachelor’s degree in a technical field such as computer science or equivalent experience Strong understanding of modern graphics techniques and tradeoffs 2+ years of experience building high performance graphics systems 2+ years of experience with systems programming languages like C/C++ Preferred Qualifications: Experience profiling and optimizing both performance and memory usage of complex systems Experience with 3D graphics APIs like OpenGL, Metal or Vulkan Experience with mobile apps and/or databases Experience working with distributed systems MS. degree in computer science or a related field Ability to proactively learn new concepts and apply them at work At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations ext@snapcom . Responsibilities Designing, developing, and testing WP and other CMS platforms. Presenting: Must have excellent communication skills. The ability to explain technical details in layman’s terms. Experience, understanding and enthusiasm for UI/UX web design. Collaborate with team members to identify and prioritize/reprioritize work when necessary. Facilitate requirements gathering efforts and clearly document system requirements. Develop strong working relationships with team. Anticipate and adjust for problems and roadblocks while eliminating roadblocks within control. Remain abreast of current technologies and best practices. Comfortable working on a variety of projects at one time. Requirements Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering or relevant business discipline from an accredited four year college or university or equivalent work experience is preferred. A minimum of 5 years professional application development and operation experience in a production setting. Solid experience developing web applications using open source technologies. Facility with Marketing automation tools (eg. Pardot; ActiveCampaign; etc.) Experience adapting layouts created in Sketch and Adobe XD. Working knowledge of concurrency and multi threading in long running daemon processes. In depth understanding of Relational Database Management software, preferably PostgreSQL, MySQL, and MS SQL Server. Experienced in testing software all the way from unit testing to system testing to integration testing. Software Engineer Python Angular The Data Analytics dev team building out our Web UI application that is being used by our data scientists. You’ll be working as a full stack engineer, building data oriented applications as part of a Data Engineering and Data Science function. These applications allow our data engineers and data scientists to operate on hundreds of terabytes of data. The right candidate will have great interpersonal skills and a willingness to go above and beyond when collaborating with Product Management, Engineering and our business partners. Additionally, you should be obsessed with shipping fast, smooth, and seamless user experiences. If this sounds like you please apply. Currently, the team’s application is hosted entirely on AWS and uses Angular for the front end, Python/Django with for its API layer, Elasticsearch as a data storage and search engine, Python/Celery for back end data processing, and various AWS offerings, including CodePipelines, CloudFormation, EC2, and others. In the near future, the team is looking to work with SQS, AWS Lambdas, AWS SageMaker, and data streaming offerings. Responsibilities: Develop front end UI using Angular and the backend using Django and Python Providing users access to datasets using REST and Python APIs Categorizing, cataloging, cleansing and normalizing of structured and unstructured data Communicating with business users and technology stakeholders Qualifications/Skills Required 6+ years of experience working in software engineering 3+ years of experience working with Python and exposure to Django, Seaborn, NumPy, or Pandas 3+ years of experience working with HTML, CSS, and Typescript/JavaScript with proficiency in at least one framework such as Angular 20+, React/Redux, or Ember Experience working with relational SQL databases (SQL Server, Postgres) Experience building and consuming RESTful services You can create a fast build pipeline with npm, Gulp, Webpack, or other tools. Experience creating storyboards, user flows, and wireframes to communicate interaction and design ideas Masters or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems, or another quantitative field. Other Qualifications: Excellent listening and communication (both oral and written) skills. Self starter and critical thinker, takes ownership of own projects and makes improvement suggestions for the entire infrastructure. Proactive, assertive and attentive to details. Can work independently and in a collaborative environment. Able to prioritize in a fast moving, high pressure, constantly changing environment – strong sense of urgency Excellent self management and problem solving skills. Ability to learn quickly and work on multiple streams of work Desirable skills/experience: Elasticsearch experience is a plus Ansible, Chef, Java, C# etc. AWS serverless offerings is a plus Big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Presto, Kafka, EMR, Redshift Athena is a plus Visual Design tools (Illustrator, Photoshop, InVision) Knowledge of Equity, fixed income, derivatives, futures, FX, or other financial services instruments Do you have a passion for technology and a desire to share this passion with others? Do you enjoy helping people develop to take on the challenges that comes with a fast growing technology space? Is being a part of a team that develops training for engineers across the globe exciting to you? At Bloomberg, our team is responsible for providing learning opportunities to develop the technical skills of our nearly 6,000 software engineers. We collaborate with all teams across engineering to ensure that we provide the highest quality educational development. We also roll up our sleeves to create our own platforms for the training and documentation of the engineering community. We strive to make our curriculum exciting for both trainers and trainees; we use state of the art interactive technology, and have a highly collaborative team to ensure success for everyone. We aim to encourage participation and provide opportunities for trainees to learn from each other and from other developers in Engineering. We'll trust you to: Teach a variety of classes for experienced software engineers Collaboratively define course structure, content, and delivery method to produce high quality training Develop a deep knowledge of Bloomberg technologies and work across functional teams to stay current with rapidly advancing enhancements Take responsibility for the full software development life cycle of the training tools, from understanding the functional requirements through to coding, deployment, and maintenance Build relationships across teams to meet goals Be a problem solver and think outside the box You’ll need to have: 3+ years of Python experience Breadth and depth in software engineering Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal The ability to communicate concepts in a concise, logical manner to students A passion for learning, teaching, and mastering complex system functionality The ability to comfortably and confidently present to groups of 20+ people using a variety of delivery methods Relevant technical training work experience We'd love to see: Experience with distributed systems Experience with C++ Familiarity with open source technologies Ability to learn new technologies and techniques quickly through instruction and self training Ability to flexibly adapt to a changing environment Ability to lead discussions and actively influence the development of new strategies to improve course offerings Bloomberg is an equal opportunities employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. What you’ll do: Use modern iOS practices to build features that are powerful and delightful to useCollaborate with the team to port existing React Native features into native iOS codeLeverage our existing graphql, REST, and websockets APIs to provide a seamless user experience(Optional): contribute to our React site, our node backend, and our infrastructure Who you are:You have at least two years working with iOS, preferably moreYou are proficient in SwiftYou have experience with multi threading and concurrency in iOS appsYou have good working knowledge of UIKit and AutolayoutYou are familiar with various iOS design patterns, whether that be MVC, VIPER, MVVM, or something elseYou prize reliability, simplicity, performance and robustness in building out systemsYou communicate clearly and listen wellYou are a self starter and comfortable taking on a variety of rolesPreferably familiar with React NativePreferably familiar with objective c Optional skills and experience:GraphqlNodeWebsocketsReactAndroid development OVERVIEW OF THE COMPANY Fox News Media FOX News Media operates the FOX News Channel (FNC), FOX Business Network (FBN), FOX News Digital, FOX News Radio, FOX News Headlines 24/7, FOX News podcasts and the direct to consumer subscription streaming service FOX Nation. A top five cable network, FNC has been the most watched television news channel for more than 18 consecutive years, while FBN currently ranks as the number one business channel on cable. Owned by FOX Corporation, FOX News Media reaches 200 million people each month. JOB DESCRIPTION Fox News has an awesome opportunity for a Front End Developer. As our Front End Developer you will focus on troubleshooting/solving issues related to our Customer Data Platform (CDP) tool. Working alongside product management teams, business analysts and consumer products and engineering (CPE), you will field all technical questions and provide solutions for any CDP related issues. A SNAPSHOT OF YOUR RESPONSIBILITES Be the technical point person for the CDP Program Director and CDP Experience Manager Lead coordination with product and MarTech technical teams Troubleshoot errors and navigate through technical hurdles Q/A technical integrations between the CDP, Products and MarTech stack Design and code custom modals and other calls to action, pop ups, banners, etc. Ensure seamless consumer experience (monitoring load time and stability of the site) Act as a backup for the Experience Manager (building and running branded campaigns) Run database queries (SQL) to assist our Business Intelligence team WHAT YOU WILL NEED Strong HTML/CSS background Moderate to advanced JavaScript experience Understanding of the Document Object Model (DOM) Experience with asynchronous processing (AJAX) Understanding of cross browser testing and troubleshooting Strong comprehension of responsive design Good grasp of UI/UX with strong wire framing experience Ability to utilize and troubleshoot with a web inspector Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience NICE TO HAVE BUT NOT A DEAL BREAKER Understanding of Artificial Intelligence and/or Machine Learning 2+ years programming experience Intermediate Photoshop experience We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law. Snapchat is a camera and messaging app that connects people to their friends and the world. Every day around the globe, millions of people use Snapchat to communicate with friends, build relationships, play, and learn. No matter where you are or how you express yourself, it’s always the fastest way to share a moment! Snap Engineering teams build fun and technically sophisticated products that reach hundreds of millions of Snapchatters around the world, every day. We’re deeply committed to the well being of everyone in our global community, which is why our values are at the root of everything we do. We move fast, with precision, and always execute with privacy at the forefront. Some core features we build and maintain include Snapchat’s Camera, Creative Tools, Maps, Chat, Memories, Stories, Discover, Games, and Minis. Our Infrastructure teams deliver an innovative and cost efficient platform that ensures Snapchat is the fastest way to communicate with your friends, no matter where you are in the world. We have one of the fastest growing digital ad platforms, and our Monetization teams drive measurable returns for advertisers through novel ad formats like Augmented Reality. As a Snap Engineering team member, you’ll help us build the future of communication. We’re looking for a Backend Engineer to join Team Snapchat! As a member of this team, you will design and implement the next generation of Snap’s multi cloud architecture. Working from our New York, NY office, you’ll collaborate across engineering teams to build some of the most scalable, Tier 0 services at Snap such as our user service and friend graph. You will also solve exciting distributed systems problems like incremental state synchronization to build our core storage services, used by almost every product at Snap. Finally, you will help the team deprecate our monolithic architecture and move towards a layered service oriented architecture. What you’ll do: Design, implement, and operate our most critical and scalable services ranging from user identity services, friend graph, and our core persistence layer Work across teams to understand product requirements, evaluate trade offs, and deliver the solutions needed to build innovative products Help make our team better by contributing to code reviews, documentation, and development process Advocate for and apply best practices when it comes to availability, scalability, operational excellence, and cost management Effectively mentor junior team members Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Experience with backend services or distributed systems Experience in at least one of the following areas: Large scale microservices and distributed systems Cloud computing and storage systems Infrastructure and large scale system design Security Networking and data storage Machine learning and natural language processing Tools Proven track record of operating highly available systems at significant scale Experience with Java, C++, and/or Python Experience with NoSQL solutions, Memcache/Redis, Kubernetes, or Google/AWS services You have a track record of launching and maintaining features of medium to large scope with measurable impact You are a self improver, investing in improving your skills; you proactively seek out feedback on how to improve your own work and work of your team Ability to collaborate and work well with others Minimum Qualifications: BS/BA degree in a technical field such as Computer Science or equivalent years of experience 5+ years of software development experience At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations ext@snapcom . Our Benefits : Snap Inc. is its own community, so we’ve got your back! We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Our benefits are built around your needs and include paid maternity & paternity leave, comprehensive medical coverage, emotional and mental health support programs, and compensation packages that let you share in Snap’s long term success! For one of our long term multiyear projects we are looking for a Software Developer Java 8 out of New York, NY. Skills: Java 8 (streaming; collections knowledge) Spring boot MQ's (Async processing) Troubleshooting production issues Full stack will be added advantage. Job Summary: As a Senior Software Engineer for Connected Devices, you will help us push the boundaries of what is possible on some of the most interesting 10 foot devices in the marketplace. You'll work on a team of other client developers alongside systems, services engineers, and project managers. We’re looking for someone that is proficient at writing highly optimized JavaScript (ES5 & ES6) with a low memory footprint, appreciates the details that make the development lifecycle exceptional, and demonstrates enthusiasm for new technologies, languages, frameworks, and platforms. This opening is for senior software engineers working in one of our Bay Area or NYC office locations or those interested in working remote. We truly believe we offer a unique opportunity for any technologist: To work on a bleeding edge technology stack To work with a world class team of Engineers To work on award winning, complex apps and systems To work in a highly collaborative team environment To have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions Responsibilities: Work on a modern stack consisting of JavaScript (ES5/ES6) and Reactjs across a wide range of devices from low memory and low performant set top boxes to top of the line smart TV’s. Rapidly prototype and implement scalable, reliable, and maintainable smart TV and device applications using client side Javascript (ES5/ES6). Enforce code quality through test driven development. Collaborate closely with other engineering, product, and marketing teams to help define product requirements. Basic Qualifications: Senior level candidates should have: 5 or more years of experience building compelling web applications. Strong experience in JavaScript (ES5 & ES6) app development, both with and without third party frameworks. Experience with and ability to communicate multiple different software architectures (MVC, MVVM, Redux, etc.) and application design patterns. Ability to quickly analyze and understand the performance impacts of code and data structures in order to deliver highly optimized code on constrained hardware. Experience mentoring junior level team members. Recommended Qualifications: Experience building JavaScript or native apps for Smart TV’s such as Samsung Orsay and Tizen, LG Netcast and WebOS, Sony, Panasonic, TiVo, Vizio, and various set top boxes or blu ray players. WebGL or Canvas. Google Chromecast. JavaScript DevOps tooling and test frameworks including Gulp, WebPack, Jenkins, Mocha, and PhantomJS. Reactjs experience a plus. HTML5 video including MSE and EME. Video streaming technologies including HLS and DRM. C/C++ experience, specifically on connected device hardware a plus. Toolset: Your IDE of choice! Consolelog() or printf() Github Enterprise Gulp and Webpack Jenkins Confluence JIRA Slack Docker AWS Mobile Engineer Location: Work 100% REMOTE! Salary: Up to 130k base plus strong benefits (see below) Skills: iOS & Android, shipped apps We are a Series C startup which has raised over $50m to date. A great opportunity to work in AI products for the sports/fitness/health industry Top Reasons to Work with UsRapidly growing startup so lots of opportunityStrong benefits packageGreat time to join as we build a new and cutting edge architecture! What You Will Be DoingYou will be responsible for designing, coding, testing and implementing the next generation of our iOS and Android apps. Design, code, test and implement advanced features for our existing apps You will work within a cross functional & highly collaborative team including designers, product managers, data scientists, QA and other engineering professionalsArchitect robust and scalable solutionsWork through the full lifecycle from ideation to shipping the appIdentify and resolve performance issuesEnsure coding standards are followed What You Need for this Position BS in CS (or similar) 3+ years of INDUSTRY experience with mobile engineering Ideally multiple shipped apps at enterprise level Must have experience with both iOS and Android Ideally all the following: Swift, Objective C, Kotlin, Java and C++ What's In It for You Competitive base, 100% paid healthcare/dental/vision premiums for you (and 65% paid for your family), 401k, flexible/unlimited PTO policy, mobile phone reimbursement and more! So, if you are a Mobile Engineer with experience with iOS and Android, please apply today!Applicants must be authorized to work in the US. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Video accounts for some 80% of today's global Internet traffic. Vimeo's Video hosting stack enables high quality experience to our creators and viewers. The mission of this team is to architect and deploy innovative solutions to save costs without negatively impacting Video QoE (Quality of Experience). These goals are achieved by understanding product features (old, new, and future) and identifying architectural inefficiencies and potential optimizations. The successful candidate will have worked on large scale distributed systems and has developed end to end solutions, including building alerting and data visualization tools. What you'll do: Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams to optimize hosting operations Drive technical and architectural planning Implement and deploy solutions Automate early detection of potential changes that could impact the business, building trust among cross functional teams Promote a data driven strategy for making decisions Propose ideas and test new solutions to improve the quality and performance of the system Skills & knowledge you should possess: Expertise in one or more programming languages (Go, Python, Nodejs) and building back end solutions Experience with cloud platforms (GCP or AWS) Familiarity with CDNs Familiarity with concurrent, parallel, and distributed computing Experience with Linux systems and shell scripting Experience in Container Technologies (Kubernetes, Docker) Basic competence with SQL Bonus Points: Experience working with Big Data Technologies (BigQuery, Snowflake, Kafka, Spark, Druid, DataFlow, DataProc) Web development experience (JavaScript, HTML, CSS) to bring your backend work to life Experience in delivering end to end video workflows About us: Vimeo is the world's leading professional video platform and community. We empower over 200 million users — from creatives to entrepreneurs to the world's largest brands — to grow their business with video. Our products make it easy to create high quality, impactful videos and to reach teams, audiences and customers anywhere. Vimeo is powered by a growing team of over 650 passionate, dedicated humans. We're headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. We believe our impact is greatest when our workforce represents the diverse and global community that we serve, and we're proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity and inclusion is prioritized in how we build our products, leaders and culture. Learn more at wwwvimeo.com/jobs. The Opportunity at a 30,000ft view: As an integral member of the product development team, our Software Engineers help to support all aspects of the product development process. The ideal candidate for this role must be flexible, diligent and thorough. Partnering closely with our Researchers and Product Managers in each phase of work from insights to ideating concepts to deliverables, this individual is involved in the development of the following: key features inside the main product; improvements to the testing process; supporting research through improvements to engine interface, and the development of smaller usage software components such as conference demos, research tools, and more. Working out of our office in New York City, this individual helps with all aspects of product development and has a major impact on how products are created. What you’ll do: Work both independently and collaboratively with internal stakeholders, third party engineers, PACS vendor partners, technical and medical advisors and subject matter experts to help design and create functionality for the full configuration of Koios DS software Provide front end and back end development resources for Koios DS software for a variety of applications for use in the reading room and the exam room and for integration into reporting and electronic medical records systems Collaborate with designers, engineers, and product managers in small groups to prototype, design and build high quality experiences for our product Contribute to building, maintaining and further developing both current and future products and features Work to ensure that our applications are secure and easy to build, test and deploy Document work performed as required to maintain quality management systems and regulatory compliance Approach problems creatively with attention to detail to provide a quality customer experience Help define and inform our product and technical roadmaps Review and provide feedback on code to ensure software quality assurance Manage assignments that are given in the form of objectives without clearly defined processes or parameters allowing for creativity and resourcefulness About You: At minimum, you have 3 years working in a programming environment Preferably, you hold a Bachelor’s of Science in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or similar education Preferably, you have previous experience/knowledge working with deep learning technologies (specifically applied to medical imaging), with engineering cloud based applications, networking and DevOps You keep up with knowledge of latest version control technologies such as Git and Mercurial You consider yourself to be a creative coder who is user centered and passionate about building things You have previous experience using full stack software to craft products, aligning user needs and business objectives; understand agile development processes, databases, scalability, analytics/metrics, and modern web application architecture You consider your attention to detail to be one of your strengths and you take pride in your ability to adapt to and learn different programming languages You have the ability to work in a small group and with third party development partners at a fast pace, while also taking initiative on open tasks You consider yourself to have excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) You are comfortable managing assignments that are given in the form of objectives and at times, without clearly defined processes or parameters, requiring your ability to be creative and resourceful Technology You Will Use: C#, C++, ASPNET, Reactjs, .NET Core, Redux, ES5, ES6 and ES7 Javascript, CSS, HTML, MSSQL, Python, Entity Framework or other ORMs The Perks: Excellent Health/Dental/Vision Insurance 401(k) with up to 6% Matching Flexible Work Schedule Unlimited PTO Equity Options Pre Tax Commuter Benefit Yearly Education Stipend Breakfast & Snacks Awesome Team Building/Happy Hour Events Employee Referral Bonus Open Office Space & Dog Friendly Environment Who are we? We put the AI in ultrasound. Koios was the Titan god of wisdom, foresight and intellect. Koios Medical, Inc. (pronounced kEE ōs) is leading healthcare into the era of machine learning and computer vision helping physicians and enabling rapid, accurate cancer detection and diagnosis; saving precious time and valuable lives. Our flagship product, Koios DS Breast, is FDA cleared clinical decision support software using our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms to “see” ultrasound images with clarity and precision while automating assessment and clinical documentation. Built upon and trained by tens of thousands of ultrasound images and backed by clinical research, Koios DS is proven to facilitate early detection of disease potentially reducing benign biopsies, complications and unnecessary follow up. Koios DS fits seamlessly into existing clinical workflow and instantly analyzes each suspicious area. Armed with Koios DS, physicians deliver a more confident, accurate diagnosis, in seconds. With offices in Chicago and New York City, our growing team is expanding with open positions to contribute to our mission to empower radiologists with the best tools possible to improve diagnostic accuracy, provide healthcare at lower cost, and enable physicians and patients to achieve better outcomes. Koios Medical is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, genetics, sex, pregnancy or childbirth, sexual orientation, gender (including gender identity or nonbinary or nonconformity and/or status as a trans individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, marital, parental and/or familial status, past, veteran status, or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Role: Senior Software Engineer (Back – End ROR)Location: New York, NY (100% Remote)Position Type: Fulltime Permanent rolePrimary Job Function: Client is building a diverse team of dynamic engineers creating high quality, high impact products at scale and we’re looking for a senior backend engineer with experience of Ruby on Rails to provide leadership to our growing backend team. In this role, you'll be building exciting new features, complex interfaces, and making important technical and product decisionsResponsibilities: * Bachelor and/or Masters Degree in Computer Science (Required)3 8 years of Software Engineering experience2+ years of experience with Ruby on Rails4+ years of experience developing SaaS software2+ year of experience building RoR backendsAbility to prioritize tasks and work independently in a fast paced startup environmentExcellent communication, organizational, problem solving, debugging and analytical skillsStrong understanding of backend APIsSelling Points: Newer Team, so lots of Internal Growth OpportunitiesAbility to work with cutting edge technologiesLots of autonomy in this roleMeaningful stocks ownershipJob Type: Full timePay: $110,00000 $140,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:Software Engineering: 3 years (Required)ROR Backend: 2 years (Required)Ruby on Rails: 2 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required) 114 5th Ave (22114), United States of America, New York, New York Lead Software Engineer Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies to join our team. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Learn more about #lifeatcapitalone and our commitment to diversity & inclusion by jumping to slides 76 91 on our Corporate Social Responsibility Report. What You’ll Do: Lead a portfolio of diverse technology projects and a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems to create solutions that help meet regulatory needs for the company Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, mentoring other members of the engineering community, and from time to time, be asked to code or evaluate code Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment Work with cloud native stack, build on AWS, use technologies like Kubernetes and Serverless Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree At least 6 years of experience in software engineering At least 1 year experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or public cloud service Preferred Qualifications: Master’s Degree 4+ years of experience in at least one of the following: Java, Scala, Python, Go, Javascript, Angularjs or Nodejs 4+ years of experience in open source frameworks 1+ years of people management experience 2+ years of experience in Agile practices Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position. EDUCATION Working towards a degree in Mathematics, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS Detail oriented Strong analytical skills Knowledge of DevOps tools like Ansible, Docker Knowledge of Python, Java, C++, and Excel Knowledge of test automation tools like TestComplete and Selenium. Knowledge of Windows 10 and MS SQL and MongoDB Knowledge of the software development life cycle phases Excellent communication skills Knowledge of QA Methodologies will be a plus. WORK EXPERIENCE Prior experience in test automation and Quality Assurance field is an asset Duties and Responsibilities: As an integral member of the research and development team, the AI Software Engineer will help support all aspects of the research and development process and must be flexible while diligent and thorough. The AI Software Engineer will partner closely with our Researchers, Designers, and Product Managers in each phase of work from insights to ideating concepts to deliverables. Responsibilities will range from development of key features inside the main product, improvements to the testing process, supporting research through improvements to engine interface, development of smaller usage software components such as conference demos, research tools, and more. You will help with all aspects of development and have a major impact on how products are created. It is important that you are motivated to learn new technologies, be a self starter, and have excellent programming skills. Knowledge of the medical imaging field is a bonus, especially previous experience with DICOM or PACS technologies. What You’ll Do: Crafts AI, machine and deep learning enabled “engine” and related product features and capabilities aligned with user needs and business objectives Understands web, device native, databases, scalability, analytics/metrics, and agile development processes Demonstrates ability to learn different programming languages Maintains knowledge of latest version control technologies such as Git and Mercurial Works on assignments in a small group and with third party development partners at a fast pace, while also taking initiative on open tasks Synthesizes knowledge of image processing and computer vision techniques Demonstrates excellent written and verbal communication skills Manages assignments that are given in the form of objectives without clearly defined processes or parameters allowing for creatively and resourcefulness Collaborates with internal teams to improve and streamline operational processes, summarize findings and deliver key results to members of the leadership team Demonstrates creative thinking and problem solving with an attention to detail and quality About You: At minimum, a BS. in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science At minimum, 2 3 years working in a programming environment Experience with image processing and video processing techniques preferred Demonstrates creativity while coding with the user in mind and is passionate about building things Experience using full stack software to craft product, aligning user needs and business objectives; Has proficiency in the following technologies: Python, TensorFlow or PyTorch (preferred), MySQL Bring previous experience/knowledge working with deep learning technologies specifically applied to medical imaging is a plus Technologies: C#, C++, ASPNET, Reactjs, .NET Core, Redux, ES5, ES6 and ES7 Javascript, CSS, HTML, MSSQL, Matlab, Entity Framework or other ORMs. Experience working with various Machine Learning models including neural networks, support vector machines, and random forests Experience working with both large (millions) and small (thousands) datasets is a plus Ability to manage assignments that are given in the form of objectives without clearly defined processes or parameters allowing for creatively and resourcefulness Who are we? We put the AI in ultrasound. Koios was the Titan god of wisdom, foresight and intellect. Koios Medical, Inc. (pronounced kEE ōs) is leading healthcare into the era of machine learning and computer vision helping physicians and enabling rapid, accurate cancer detection and diagnosis; saving precious time and valuable lives. Our flagship product, Koios DS Breast, is FDA cleared clinical decision support software using our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms to “see” ultrasound images with clarity and precision while automating assessment and clinical documentation. Built upon and trained by tens of thousands of ultrasound images and backed by clinical research, Koios DS is proven to facilitate early detection of disease potentially reducing benign biopsies, complications and unnecessary follow up. Koios DS fits seamlessly into existing clinical workflow and instantly analyzes each suspicious area. Armed with Koios DS, physicians deliver a more confident, accurate diagnosis, in seconds. With offices in Chicago and New York City, our growing team is expanding with open positions to contribute to our mission to empower radiologists with the best tools possible to improve diagnostic accuracy, provide healthcare at lower cost, and enable physicians and patients to achieve better outcomes. Koios Medical is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, genetics, sex, pregnancy or childbirth, sexual orientation, gender (including gender identity or nonbinary or nonconformity and/or status as a trans individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, marital, parental and/or familial status, past, veteran status, or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Job SummarySystemoneX is An IT Service Company, which has clients across the USA . The company with relevant services and trustworthy efforts. An E Verified company with an object of advancement and innovation in the IT industry. Systemonex Inc maintains the standard as suitable scientific techniques and surveys. Our vision is to provide a transformed internet technology for the advance and creative efforts with smart working. We are continuously striving for preparing the base for modern innovative technology. The company has outstanding resources and assistance to provide the best services to its clients. Our existence support many business and companies to grow their market. Our customers have gained the best solution and techniques for development through our updated consulting adviceResponsibilities and DutiesResponsibilities**Regular activities involve independent tasks on BI/Infra and DevOps, also coordinate with the off shore team to share and receive the activities/task updatesRobust design to implement ETL pipeline with hands on coding skills in Python, Py spark in AWS cloud to handle change data captureWork with multiple third party vendors/customer teams like source team, Infra team, Security team, IT teams, and off shore team, etc.,Customer facing role with expertise in all AWS/Cloud infrastructure activities as listed below:Analyze various third party tools like Masking tools: DataGuise/DataVant, AWS Tools and scheduling toolsImplement POCs as per customer requirementOnce POC is accepted and responsible for the installation of tools in AWS cloud platformIndividual capability to setup application installation in EC2 instances, EMR clustersResponsible for environments (Dev/TEST/Prod) setup which includes IAM/policies, Network enabling, etc.,Interact with Source teams whenever needed and accordingly plan the downstream activitiesResponsible for Sprint planning and Identifying the priorities by discussing with the customer and other teams like Source/Infra and SecurityExpertise to review coding/design and data validations developed by the off shore team and other stakeholders, including 3rd party tool/service vendorsImplement solutions/task as per customer requirement then and there and guide the off shore teamMandatory experience in handling CI/CD pipelines and expertise in Dev Ops for stack/infra deployments to CloudHandling deployments to the higher environment by using CI/CD pipelinesRequirements Familiarity with two of the following Python libraries: Sci kit, Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, and PyTorchExperience with AWS based applicationsWorking knowledge of data visualization techniquesSQL proficientKnowledge and adaptation of software configuration, change, release and service management processesExperience in working with cross functional application and business teamsAbility to perform root cause analysis, problem management, and performance tuningRequired Experience and QualificationsBachelor's DegreeJob Types: Full time, Temporary, Internship, Contract, CommissionPay: $3500 $4500 per hourExperience:Python: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Preferred)Required travel:100% (Preferred)Full Time Opportunity:YesCommission Only:NoWork Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceOtherEmployment Length:VariesThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative innovative and risk takingAggressive competitive and growth orientedPeople oriented supportive and fairness focusedTeam oriented cooperative and collaborativeOutcome oriented results focused with strong performance cultureThis Job Is:Open to applicants under 18 years old, provided it is legally allowed for the job and locationA good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or moreA job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applyOpen to applicants who do not have a college diplomaSchedule:Monday to FridayOther viagogo is an industry leading entertainment marketplace dedicated to helping people attend their favorite live events. We are expecting rapid growth after acquiring StubHub. The core platform team at viagogo is responsible for the performance and stability of our production systems. We cover a variety of areas including performance optimization, creating DevOps playbooks, infrastructure, site reliability, dev tooling, observability, and shared libraries. Our overall mission is to increase the overall velocity and efficacy of our entire engineering organization. About You: Experienced back end, full stack, or platform focused software engineer Enjoy working on a variety of problem sets like infrastructure scalability, shared libraries/tooling, performance optimization, and observability. Computer Science, technical degree, or relevant practical experience What we offer: A+ Compensation Package, which can include a mix of cash and stock incentives Paid Time Off, 401k, Health, Vision, & Dental Insurance Dog friendly office, weekly lunches, office snacks, team events (when we get back into the office!) Your Growth Path: Receive mentorship and a clear path for growing your technical and leadership skills Demonstrated results and increasing ownership are rewarded Solve challenges at every stage, from understanding the business challenge to implementing production systems Move towards becoming a principal level engineer, responsible for architecture and solving the hardest technical problems, or towards engineering management where you'd display your leadership skills and potential Initially, you’ll learn: How we have already solved hard engineering problems related to scale, concurrency, and latency How we work alongside and empower engineers in the core product engineering and data platform teams How to build reusable microservices for other teams to call Potential projects you might work on: Design and build a multi tier caching strategy that supports low latency reliable reads and provides semi strict guarantees on data freshness Build a near time monitoring and feedback loop capability to our high scale systems while aiming for minimal human intervention, and automated remediation Upgrading our production observability stack to let any team diagnose both macro and micro level challenges like service speed or individual request failure Assisting teams increase their release velocity for services from once per day to hourly or even more frequently with no human interaction Transitioning certain edge telemetry services into a cost effective and secure cloud deployment About our Platform Team and Tech: Our work is typically solving hard engineering problems related to scale, concurrency, and latency. viagogo predominantly utilizes Microsoft technologies, such as Windows, .NET Core, C# and IIS, however we’re not afraid to use the right tool for the job. We use RabbitMQ for some of our internal pub/sub messaging, Redis for local caching, and gRPC for high performance out of process calls. Our public facing website is built using .Net Core and is deployed to multiple Windows Servers that are fronted by an F5 load balancer. We have heavily customized MVC to suit our requirements and handle hundreds of HTTP requests per second per server when mostly idle. Our backend is a set of SQL Server databases deployed in a high availability configuration using availability groups. These support everything from high volume transactions and decision support and telemetry analytics. We're increasingly taking advantage of the Azure cloud to enable hybrid or cloud only scenarios that support our global growth and ability to quickly respond to surges in demand. We are also responsible for working with the broader engineering group to understand and anticipate current and future engineering challenges. viagogo is the leading global marketplace for music, sports, and entertainment tickets. We have finalized a deal to acquire StubHub and look forward to continuing our market leadership. Despite our rapid growth while revolutionizing a 100 billion dollar industry, we maintain our start up ethos and data driven, collaborative culture. We believe that small, cross functional teams can achieve extraordinary results. Fans from nearly every country in the world can find millions of tickets to their favorite events in the language, currency, and with the device of their choice. We provide the widest possible choice of tickets to events around the world and help ticket sellers reach a global audience. viagogo has partnered with many of the world’s leading brands in sports and entertainment while helping fans access unforgettable experiences. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity on our team. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Beacon is revolutionizing the financial services industry by empowering quantitative developer teams and business users. Beacon is the only vendor on the market that gives clients underlying source code, a developer platform, and infrastructure services so that clients can own the full technology stack. Clients benefit from Beacon's next generation platform for enterprise scale analytics, trading, risk management, and more. The Support Group is responsible for supporting and maintaining the Beacon Platform, which is a cloud based Platform as a Service. You will work in a fast paced environment with a mix of financial developers, DevOps and infrastructure engineers, and application developers to provide front line support to our clients and staff. In this role, you will work directly with the teams to triage and analyze technical issues logged into our ticketing system. You will debug scripts in Beacon’s IDE, examining graph based financial object hierarchies as well as other automated processes and infrastructure configuration. You will also work with new technologies, software and code, finding patterns to recurring problems, and implementing improvements. There is a strong emphasis on collaboration with others, from developers to system administrators. The Support Engineers are vital to Beacon’s success as they provide up front, timely, and efficient solutions to ensure we provide an excellent client experience. Primary Responsibilities Collect and triage production support incident tickets and follow documented standard operating procedures Maintain and create support documentation and knowledge base Own production support issues and collaborate with support engineers to resolve issues within designated SLAs Provide regular updates to internal and external stakeholders on outstanding issues Interact directly as needed with clients and stakeholders Provide daily and weekly issue reports Be an active participant at production support meetings Monitor environment logs for errors and troubleshoot accordingly Flexibility to work additional hours as needed Required Skills Infrastructure Engineering A relevant Information Technology qualification such as Microsoft certifications or AWS certifications Proven hands on experience with Linux servers (Ubuntu/RedHat Enterprise Linux) Familiarity with cloud Infrastructure such as AWS, Azure or Google Cloud Exposure to DevOps tools such as Docker, CI/CD pipelines, and configuration management Software Development Experience with Python Exposure to at least one of the following languages: JavaScript, C, C++, Golang Exposure to coding/scripting or automating manual tasks Essential Criteria Desire to learn other programming languages to help support the environment A degree or active pursuance of a degree in a relevant STEM field Attention to detail Excellent customer service skills and empathy for clients’ needs Ability to work in a fast paced environment and effectively manage workload Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to explain complex technical problems to non technical audiences Desired Skills Familiarity with test driven code development and SCM tools such as Git Experience with and interest in financial markets Experience with SecDB/Athena/Quartz Knowledge of monitoring tools such as Grafana and Prometheus Culture and Benefits: At Beacon Platform, we value our employees, encourage and support career development. Beacon offers an excellent benefit package and social team building events. Beacon Platform Inc is an equal opportunity employer. Our focus on diversity enables us to build a culture where all employees are invited to share their passion, talents, and ideas. At Beacon Platform we are proud to have workforce inclusion from different countries, ethnicities, race, gender, age, religion, identity, and experiences. Come be part of our growing team! Benefits: Medical Insurance Paid time off Contributory 401K/Pension Scheme Recruitment Referral Bonus Wellness and wellbeing initiatives Regular social events and parties Commuter benefits About Beacon Platform: Beacon is revolutionizing the financial services industry by empowering our clients’ quantitative developer teams and business users like no other platform provider. With the Beacon platform, financial institutions of all sizes can leverage our 20+ years of experience in building enterprise scale trading, analytics, and risk management platforms at some of the most successful financial institutions in the world. In addition to applications for front and middle office users, the Beacon platform includes cloud based, secure sandbox infrastructure, a full suite of developer tools, and transparent source code to give our clients unparalleled power to own the full stack and achieve their business goals. Beacon was founded in 2014 by the senior technologists who worked with SecDB at Goldman Sachs and created Athena at JP Morgan and Quartz at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Beacon has over 70 employees with offices in New York, London, and Tokyo. wwwbeacon.io Location : New York, 10001 Skill Set : Java, Intellij, Cucumber, TestRail, Test Runner, MS SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio, GDS(In House Server), CaseCenter (In House Data Engine) Education : a Bachelor's degree or its equivalent in Computer Information Systems or a closely related field Specific Job Responsibilities : Analyzing project documentation to create test plans. Writing easy to follow test scripts. Testing software and recording results in Visual studio. Performing historical analysis of test results. Suggesting and helping creating documentation and tutorials for end users. Working with product team to gather and understand project requirements. Working with the development team to identify bugs and deficiencies. How to Apply: Fax Resume to Friendly Consultants Inc. at 800 471 9415. MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: What We Do The Structured Finance & Lending business often involves creating solutions customized to each client’s specific needs/situations. Therefore, unlike flow trading of relatively more matured products, no two trades are alike. In the past years, our focus has put on create new digital platform for structured products called SFLCube, which will be integrated under GS Marquee strategy. Our asset universe covers a vast spectrum of products, including repo, loans, ABS and derivatives, therefore a uniform digital platform is crucial to manage and scale up the business. Your Impact SFL Engineering is responsible for delivering digital products to business as well as our institutional client. We design and build highly scalable web platforms that provide access to Goldman Sachs content and risk system. These tools help to transform and simplify client experiences while generating new revenue streams and building a business leader in lending market. SFL Engineering is a business driven team, composed of talented and passionate engineers working to change the landscape of lending world. Here you will gain familiarity with a wide range of asset classes & risk factors despite sitting in a single business. This provides an invaluable and unusual opportunity to build a deep foundation of product knowledge. As a SFL Engineer, you will have the opportunity to work closely with trading, strats, sales and clients, to get a better understanding of their requirements and build scalable resilient solutions meeting the latest technology standards. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: Responsibilities Work on some of the most complex technical and design challenges in combination of technology and finance Develop the new generation of lending platform and externalize the function to institutional client through GS Marquee strategy Learn from the foremost experts in finance and technology who are diverse in their academic and social backgrounds to advance in your career Who We Look For Enjoy to work across the code stack in a client driven environment Passionate in implementing responsive user interfaces Ability to work in a high pressure and agile environment Good work ethic and eagerness to learn Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or above in Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering or related technical discipline. Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and designing for performance. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Can apply an entrepreneurial approach and passion to problem solving and product development. Preferred Qualifications in One or More Programming in a complied language (like Java, C++ or other widely used backend language) Responsive web development, with professional React/Angular experience and advanced JavaScript or Typescript proficiency Experience in Communication Network / HTTP Protocol Be a self starter and proactively establish trust with stakeholders ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Description We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer who to join us to help deliver Cape. Responsibilities include working with our Product Team & our other Engineers to bring the product vision to reality. An ideal candidate should feel comfortable working in all areas of the stack, from the lowest level on the backend to the customer facing components of the front end. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. Ensure the technical feasibility of product requirements. Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability. Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders. Ensure quality by performing thorough testing of your work and participating in peer reviews within your team Key Qualifications BS in computer science or equivalent experience. 3 5+ years professional experience building performant, user friendly applications. Working experience writing unit, integration, and end to end tests. Good communication and personal skills: ability to interact and work well with members of other functional groups in a project team and a strong sense of project ownership. Experience working on Backend services such as databases, distributed systems, realtime applications, etc. Experience writing Go is a plus. Experience working with React or other frontend technologies is a plus. Experience working with GraphQL, TypeScript or Flow is a plus Experience working in a data science context is a plus About The Opportunity: Grubhub is dedicated to connecting hungry diners with our wide network of restaurants across the country. Our innovative technology, easy to use platforms and streamlined delivery capabilities make us an industry leader today, and in the future of online food ordering. We strive to create a workplace that reflects the diversity of our customers and the communities we serve. When you join our team, you become part of a community that works together to innovate, solve problems, take risks, grow, work hard and have a ton of fun in the process! Why Work For Us We have a fast paced environment and that is what our teams thrive on. Grubhub believes in empowering people and offering opportunities for development, as well as professional growth. We value strong, positive relationships in all areas: with each other, our customers and our greater community. Want to be a part of a team of diverse collaborators in an authentically fun culture? If so, we want to talk to you and hear what’s your favorite restaurant for food delivery! More About the Role We are in need of additional software and service focused SREs to ensure reliable delivery of projects (and food!). Both Delivery and Restaurant SRE teams are looking for qualified candidates. SREs in the Delivery group focus on all services related to our driver network and logistics related to delivering food. They oversee how our delivery partners interact with our systems to accept new assignments and deliver your food, the services (and algorithms) which dispatch work to delivery partners to maximize efficiency while ensuring on time deliveries, how delivery partners are paid, and so much more! Restaurant SRE group ensures that restaurants reliably receive and confirm orders so they can prepare food on time. They also oversee all systems related to restaurant information, such as operating hours and menu items, and make sure that information is up to date and reliably propagated throughout our Grubhub marketplace. Both teams help design and build complex distributed systems at an incredible, highly available, multi datacenter, scale. The Impact You Will Make: Provide guidance and support during all phases of development around scalability, availability and performance Write lots of code (Python) to extend our deployment platform Be a subject matter expert on how the platform operates (service discovery, load balancing, monitoring/metrics, et cetera) Key Technologies: Python Java Docker AWS Cassandra Eureka Linux (Ubuntu and CentOS What You Bring to the Table: Being embedded within a Software Engineering team Writing testable code in Java and Python Experience building+maintaining REST/RPC APIs Highly available architecture Continuous delivery principles and practices Monitoring best practices Service discovery Load testing Public Cloud (AWS, Google or Azure) Linux (understand how things work under the hood) Got These? Even Better: NoSQL (Cassandra) JVM performance tuning Highly trafficked web based software engineering experience Additional Content: How Grubhub uses Docker to enable continuous delivery https://wwwdocker.com/customers/grubhub enables continuous delivery docker How Grubhub uses Elasticsearch https://wwwelastic.co/videos/how grubhub turns data into your delicious bites How Grubhub guarantees critical microservice actions https://bytesgrubhub.com/guaranteeing critical microservice actions at grubhub fac01fd69f9b And Of Course, Perks!: Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees are provided a generous amount of time to recharge their batteries. Health and Wellness. We provide programs that support your overall well being such as generous medical benefits, employee network groups, company wide fitness challenges, and a comfortable and casual workplace! We also support our parents by offering 8 weeks of paid parent bonding time, a 4 week returnship program, and 6 8 weeks paid medical leave. Learning and Career Growth. Your personal and professional development is a priority at Grubhub. From day one, we empower you to lead and be an active participant in your career growth. We provide continuous learning opportunities, training, and coaching and mentorship programs. MealPerks. Who’s ready for some lunch? We provide our employees with a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants. We also offer company wide meals several times a year to bring our Grubhub family together. Fun. Every Grubhub office has an employee led Culture Crew that connects people through fun, meaningful events and initiatives. Some of our popular past events include: Wing eating contests, Grubtoberfest, 5k Runs, Bring Your Child to Work Day, regular happy hours, and more! Social Impact. We believe in the importance of serving the communities that support our business. In addition, employees are given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them. Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the US. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhubcom and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address. CA Privacy Notice: If you are a resident of the State of California and would like a copy of our CA privacy notice, please email privacy@grubhubcom. Senior Software Engineer Simulmedia is changing the game for video advertising linear TV, check; OTT, check; console and PC gaming, check. We integrate the unparalleled reach of TV with the data driven targeting of digital, empowering both performance and brand marketers to take direct control of their video media buying and drive greater business impact with every ad dollar spent. We do this by giving them the ability to easily plan, buy, and optimize video advertising across multiple media channels through an automated online video buying platform. The Opportunity As a Senior Software Engineer you will build services and data processing systems to support our platform. You will work on a team that empowers the other teams to use our huge amount of data efficiently. Using a large variety of technologies and tools, you will solve complicated technical problems and build solutions to make our services robust and flexible and our data easily accessible throughout the company. We’re looking for a talented senior engineer who wants to take on the challenge of building leading edge solutions in an industry that’s ripe for innovation. This is an opportunity to join a team of amazing engineers, data scientists, product managers and designers who are obsessed with building the most advanced advertising platform in the market. As a Senior Software Engineer you will… Build products that leverage our data and solve problems that tackle the complexity of video advertising Develop containerized applications, largely in Python, that are deployed to the Cloud Work within an Agile team that releases cutting edge new features regularly Learn new technologies, and make an outsized impact on our industry leading tech platform Take a high degree of ownership and freedom to experiment with new technologies to improve our software Develop maintainable code and fault tolerant solutions Join a team of passionate engineers in search of elegant solutions to hard problems What we look for... 5 10 years of work experience as a software engineer Expert in Python and using it as the primary development language in recent years A passion for technology and software engineering Experience developing, maintaining, and debugging problems in large server side code bases Proficiency in SQL and databases (Postgres, MySQL, etc) Ability to design complex data models (normalized and multi dimensional) Experience building REST services (Flask, aio http, etc) Good knowledge of engineering best practices and testing (unit test, integration test) The desire to take a high level of ownership of the things you work on Ability to learn new things quickly, maintain a high bar for quality, and be pragmatic Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or an equivalent degree) Bonus points for… Familiar with Docker, Cloud Technologies (AWS) and Linux Familiar with data warehouses (Redshift) Familiar with messaging services (RabbitMQ, SNS) "What is Simulmedia?" Simulmedia is a New York based video ad platform that enables predictable, scalable customer growth. Powered by the company’s patented software platform, Simulmedia empowers marketers to rapidly receive audience and TV campaign insights and activate those insights via plans that quickly and cost efficiently reach more targeted customers on 130+ national TV networks with guaranteed delivery. "The Simulmedia Experience" We take tremendous pride in maintaining a high bar for employees and fostering a strong team environment. While we work hard every day, we also believe in relaxing together with lots of team activities. We have an unlimited vacation policy, tuition reimbursement, and no employee financial contribution for medical, dental, and vision benefits. We offer competitive salaries, stock options, and an annual bonus based on performance. Did we mention a very cool open space office environment that fosters teamwork? And last but not least, we provide a free Citibike membership to all employees! At Arthur, we are building the first platform for Responsible AI. We work with leaders in finance, healthcare, self driving transportation, and other leading AI industries. We are backed by the best investors in enterprise software and are growing our team led by industry veterans with deep expertise in ML. We are looking for Machine Learning Engineers to join our diverse and collaborative team! As a Machine Learning Engineer at Arthur, you'll help build capabilities such as: Detecting and mitigating issues of fairness and bias in ML algorithms Data drift detection, high dimensional density estimation, time series anomaly detection Large scale explainability methods for tabular, image, text, and video data You might have a few of the following: A Masters or PhD in a quantitative field At least two years of professional experience in a data science or ML role Mastery of statistical methods and contemporary ML algorithms Experience with the usual suspects: Python, Scala, or R; Tensorflow, PyTorch or other DL frameworks. Experience deploying ML models to production and thinking deeply about model risk management. Software engineering best practices, version control, containerization ML publications, technical blogging, and/or open source projects Experience with public cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure) Experience in a product drive data science role You'll probably like working with us if you: Enjoy elevating your colleagues and succeeding together Take pride in sharing your knowledge with others Prefer to push yourself outside of your intellectual comfort zone Like costume parties We offer Working with a fast growing and passionate team, lots of opportunity to take ownership with projects and shape our product roadmap The opportunity to get in on the ground floor of a rapidly growing startup Generous equity and a full benefits package A culture that empowers great people to accomplish great things Flexibility to work out of our NYC or DC offices Grow with the company; we offer significant, competitive equity to early engineers Salary: $130,00000 $180,00000 per year Benefits: 100% contribution to healthcare, dental, and vision coverage for employees and 90% for dependents. Core also provides a 401k! Self Referral Bonus: For direct applicants that end up joining our team, we will also pay a self referral bonus of $4000. Referral Bonuses: Know someone that might be a great fit for this role? Core is grateful for introductions and will pay a two sided referral bonus: $3000 each to both you and your friend if we end up hiring them for the role. Core The fitness industry is moving from studio first to instructor first and from in person first to virtual first. This shift began years ago, and the events of the past few months have greatly accelerated the trend. We're building software to enable instructors thrive in this new market. Meanwhile, many customer segments are underserved and underrepresented by current digital fitness options, for example across different ages, cultures & languages, life stages, or workout types. In empowering instructors to connect with their students online, Core aims to match a diversity of instructor styles with the diversity of consumer needs and wants. We're breaking free from the tired stereotypes and making fitness more accessible, creating a happier, healthier world for every body. Core is a funded venture backed startup based in NYC and is hiring several engineers across the stack to launch our MVP – come be part of the journey! All will be joining our team in early stage product development, working across roles. You will be joining the team as one of the first engineering hires and will be integral in growing the culture of our engineering team and Core. If you like to build and launch brand new products, collaborate with design, prototype for fast iteration cycles, and ultimately ship high quality code this is the role for you. You're looking for a role where you'll... Create great user experiences for both our fitness instructors and their students Be a self starter: take ideas and input and turn them into reality Write code that is easy to understand and easy to change as we learn from our users and iterate on the product Collaborate with cross functional teams; we believe that a better product is built through teamwork and communication Evaluate technical tradeoffs of decisions and collaborate with design on the best path to move the product forward quickly Operate with curiosity, empathy, and humility Innovate on the meaning of "best in class digital fitness" especially from the standpoint of mobile Build in Swift on iOS; you understand the power of good technical architecture, most importantly in service of solving user problems Grow with the company; we offer significant, competitive equity to early engineers What we're looking for... Strong knowledge on backend architecture, knows when and where to making tradeoffs Experience in designing and building distributed backend systems handling high volumes of traffic with low latency Expertise in architecting on the backend; familiarity with partnering with frontend experts to make changes fullstack when needed Passion to solve complex and challenging problems and make continuous improvements Demonstrated knowledge of a cloud platform: GCP, AWS, or similar Bonus: Experience at a high growth startup where you've seen the company grow from launch to production at scale Experience with Elixir or other functional programming languages Experience with working on the frontend; we'll be building in Svelte/Sapper Experience with native mobile or a cross platform framework such as Flutter Experience building progressive web apps Experience building video features Experience with two sided marketplaces, platform businesses, ecommerce, and/or payments COVID 19 The world is wild right now and our thinking may change, but as an early stage company, we hope to be able to work in person a few days a week by Q1 2021. In the meanwhile we're remote and optionally meeting in the office. Health and safety come first. Get to Know Voice Voice is on a mission to take social media back from Big Tech. We believe social media should uplift, empower and unite. We reward creators and curators with Voice Tokens. We block bots and burner accounts at the door. We are transparent about how we use your data and are opt in by default. Description Voice is seeking passionate software developers to join our team in Blacksburg, Virginia or Brooklyn, New York. You will be responsible for helping design and develop the Voice blockchain smart contract software and related services, and to coordinate with the rest of the team working on various layers of services and data infrastructure. You will have the opportunity to work on novel token management, gaming, and other algorithms, events and messaging, and databases, on the EOSIO blockchain platform to meet the needs of Voice. Responsibilities: Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C++ code Develop blockchain smart contract solutions and provide support for smart contract development Implement performance and quality modules Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Able to work independently with minimal guidance on tasks Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: BA/MS degree in Computer Science or related degree Strong proficiency in C++, with solid knowledge of language specification. Experience with C++ 11 or 14 required, particularly mastery of STL, Boost and Lambdas. 4+ years of experience, preferably in an environment where latency and speed are factors (eg., finance); or where large volumes of data are used by large numbers of users (eg., social media) Familiarity with blockchain a plus, but not required We are compliant with official health and safety guidelines for COVID 19 workplace conditions, including social distancing and working remotely as appropriate. This position may begin working remotely, however the ability to work on site in our Brooklyn, New York office is expected (as official guidelines evolve). Voice is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status About Us Since 1977, TransRe’ vision has been to deliver the capacity and expertise necessary to contribute to the sustainable growth of prosperous communicates worldwideOur Mission Our mission is to be the first choice provider to reinsurance to our customers, based on:Experience the foundation of our long term, trust based relationship is built on long tenured leadership in every line in every regionAccessibility our global network of local support for all property and casualty lines of businessStrength the cornerstone of our ability and willingness to pay claimsInnovation to track record of collaboration and service delivery to support your sustainable profitable growthExpertise the basis of our timely, value added insight and offerings.+ Resilience we exist to improve the resilience of communities worldwide, through our products, our people and our partnershipsWe have the following job opportunity in either our New York, New York office:Machine Learning Engineer DescriptionThis role will be part of our Applied Data Team and will be responsible for providing Machine LearningEngineering supportTasks & responsibilities required of this role include but are not limited to:Construct machine learning models including data collection, normalization, and standardization, data pipeline construction, model selection and hyperparameter tuning, working ml systems that can add new data into ml modelCreate apps to present ml models and host them in the cloud or locallyCreate pipelines to query and retrieve and update data for existing applications to keep them updatedSupervise the scaling and management of the machine learning modeling ecosystemFind orthogonal data sets to supplement models and increase alphaStay abreast of new technology and machine learning methodologies and implement them into the model building architectureWork alongside (re)insurance domain experts to improve predictive aspects of their lines of businessRequirements: 3+ years of demonstrative excellence in building, scaling, and productizing machine learning modelsExperience working with sparse, high dimensional, and time series dataWe support diversity in the workplace. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 2Python ml stackExperience dealing with imbalanced classesDeep Learning ArchitecturesML Optimization TechniquesCloud Services: Azure, AWS, Google CloudDistributed systems: Hadoop, MapReduce, SparkDatabricksEnsemble Stacking and Meta LearnersClassification and Regression MetricsRegularization MethodsVersion ControlQuant trading experience welcome but not requiredKaggle ranking of expert or higher a plusOur Values To achieve our Vision and Mission, we maintain a culture of the highest ethical standards. We treat our employees and customers fairly. We stand behind our products and services. We act with:Integrity work honestly, to enhance TransRe’s reputationRespect value all colleagues. Collaborate activelyPerformance we reward excellence. Be accountable, manage risk and deliver TransRe’sstrengthsEntrepreneurship seize opportunities. Innovate for and with customersCustomer Focus anticipate their priorities. Exceed their expectationsWe support diversity in the workplace. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Type: Full timePay: $130,00000 $190,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID 19 2+ years of non internship professional software development experienceProgramming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. Want to build the future of music and audio entertainment? Imagine being part of an agile team, where your ideas have the potential to reach millions. Envision working within a startup atmosphere, while being able to leverage the resources of a Fortune 500 company. Picture working on bleeding edge consumer facing products, where every team member is a critical voice in the decision making process. Welcome to Amazon Music’s New Projects team. Our team builds new experiences for Amazon Music listeners. We help our customers discover up and coming creators, while also having access to their favorite music and podcasts. We build systems that are distributed around the world, spanning our music apps, web player, and voice forward experiences on mobile and Amazon Echo devices, powered by Alexa. Amazon Music products support our mission of delivering audio entertainment in new and exciting ways that listeners love. Amazon Music’s New Projects team is looking for founding team members across a variety of functions, including software engineering/development, product, marketing, design, and more. Come make history, as we launch new projects for millions of listeners. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related field2+ year(s) of Android mobile development experience using Java or C++Computer Science fundamentals in object oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysisExperience developing high quality Android applicationsExperienced in all stages of development, including design, development, testing, and deploymentThorough understanding of both client and web application architecturesAnalytical skills, excellent communication skills, and strong team ethic Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. #MusicJobs Music for everyone, no credit card needed. It’s a promise our platform was built on. And here in the Free team, we’re still building on it. We work on a massive scale, bringing people from all kinds of disciplines and all parts of the business together to deliver an amazing freemium experience to more than 129 million users worldwide. Want to help shape the future of free? Here’s how. We are looking for thoughtful, well rounded Android engineers to join our team and help build an application that millions of people use every single day to discover and listen to music. You will play a leading role in our mobile engineering practice, implementing new features, improving performance, and building beautiful user interfaces. Above all, your work will change the way the world experiences music. If you are looking for impact and challenge then come be a part of an exciting new team. What You’ll Do Collaborate with a small, autonomous team of developers, designers, and product owners to find end to end solutions to important problems Implement these solutions for our Android client, adhering to Android development best practices Help your team solve problems in a way that makes sense for Android users and our codebase Join dozens of other developers and help to shape the direction of Android development at Spotify Who You Are You have a deep understanding of modern Android development You know how to write readable, maintainable, performant object oriented Java You are experienced with Android development tools You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code You have a high level understanding of end to end systems You have released at least one app or have a project in the works that you can tell us about You have at least 3 4 years of professional experience You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 299 million users. Role Purpose ISD / Yield Book prides itself in setting a market standard for RMBS and CMBS prepayment/default models that are the cornerstone of Fixed Income Analytics products and services provided by the firm. Reporting to the Director – Senior CMBS Modeler, this is a junior level quant developer role responsible for maintenance and development of model code in the suite of firms’ CMBS models. The individual will be responsible for development, maintenance, and support, working closely with Client Service, Product Management, other Research teams, Data, and Technology: Role Responsibilities Learning and understanding Yield Book CMBS prepayment models Deep understanding of the C++ code implementation of the models in Yield Book. Understanding of data flows that support models. Commitment to support and improvement of existing implementations. Working to clean up and enhance quality of the C++ code of the models. Coordination with developers, data teams, other Research team members on model code, to facilitate troubleshooting and handle client requests. Update model implementation documentation at the appropriate level of clarity and detail. Contribute to model validation process, as required by the internal and external clients. Minimum Requirements Strong coding expertise in C/C++ with at least 2 3 years of experience is required. Knowledge of Linux OS is required. Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or Mathematics. Previous financial industry experience with MBS analytics or other areas of Fixed Income is strongly preferred. Strong leadership skills, proven ability to innovate. Proven ability to work with clients. Strong development skills in Python and data science are a significant plus. Excellent communication skills are required, both oral and written. Team player, ability to learn and understand new analytics platform quickly and efficiently. People are at the heart of what we do and drive the success of our business. Our colleagues thrive personally and professionally through our shared values of Integrity, Partnership, Innovation and Excellence are at the core of our culture. We embrace diversity and actively seek to attract people with unique backgrounds and perspectives. We are always looking at ways to become more agile so we meet the needs of our teams and customers. We believe that an inclusive collaborative workplace is pivotal to our success and supports the potential and growth of all colleagues at LSEG. A career with London Stock Exchange Group offers you the opportunity to be at the centre of the financial community. As well as competitive salaries and a range of attractive benefits, we maximise each employee’s potential through personal development plans, training, coaching and mentoring. Please take a moment to read this privacy notice carefully, as it describes what personal information the London Stock Exchange Group (“We”) may hold about you, what it’s used for, and how it’s obtained. If you would like this information to be removed from the London Stock Exchange Group HR database, please either submit a deletion request through the Account Settings menu in your account or contact workday@lsegcom for assistance. Nemedio is reinventing the way that medical devices are brought to market. We provide software, hardware and quality tools that companies can use as a foundation to jumpstart their advanced medical device development process. We also provide engineering and regulatory support to customers to help create their device, and to integrate with our tool suite. As a Full Stack Software Engineer at Nemedio you will join an experienced team tasked with tackling a wide range of problems. Engineers are responsible for planning, architecting and developing solutions to the medical device industry's hard problems. You will operate across the entire product, interact with each functional arm of the company and be able to provide a significant impact to a growing company across the board. Job Responsibilities: Plan, develop and test across our React, GraphQL, Rails and Postgres stack technical changes across the the stack Work side by side with design and product teams to ensure the right implementation is put into place Operate in a team environment that values collaboration and growth through code reviews, mentorship and communication Interface with business stakeholders to help merge our processes with medical industry best practices to make our teams most efficient Always be striving to learn and grow while helping the team approach new challenges in the best way possible Qualifications: Interest in medical devices, robotics, and physical device design 3+ years of development experience Experience with full stack web application and working across each layer (frontend, backend, database) Proficient in Ruby on Rails or equivalent OO framework Skilled in modern front end technologies (React, Angular, Ember) Experience working with standard API technologies (REST, GraphQL) Has a testing mindset and views testing as a required practice in the SDLC Knowledge of web security best practices and how they relate to web applications Experience working in an agile environment As a member of our Software Engineering Group we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation & engineering practices. You will be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought provoking environment one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally. Essential § Java 8 § JavaScript § React § UnitTesting § Git § Bash Scripting Desirable § NodeJS § Typescript § RxJS § Python § Continuous Integration/Delivery § Cloud Deployments § Docker/Kubernetes JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an equal opportunity employer and affirmative action employer Disability/VeteranJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans Company Description Twitter is what’s happening in the world and what people are talking about right now. From breaking news and entertainment to sports, politics, and everyday interests, see every side of the story. Join the open conversation, and collaborate with creative and curious people across the globe. “The whole world is watching Twitter. You don't go a day without hearing about Twitter, how it’s used as the fastest way to send a message to the world in an instant, how it carries some of the most important commentary and conversations, how it mobilizes people into action. That's powerful, it's valuable, it's fundamental.” Jack Dorsey Job Description We bring the features of Twitter to Android. This team impacts hundreds of millions of users, which brings with it interesting product and technical challenges at that scale. We keep development lightweight and agile, make data driven decisions, and release with high quality and velocity. Come be a part of our team! Who We Are: Our teams love using the latest web and mobile technologies for all features on Twitter, such as Tweets, Fleets, DMs, Live Broadcasting, Media and more. We build rich experiences that create new forms of content and improve the mechanics and comprehension of conversations on Twitter. On the client team you have the opportunity to have significant ownership and impact over major user facing features that hundreds of millions of people love to use. What You'll Do: As part of the Mobile team you'll be responsible for bringing some of our core products to Android. You’ll build compelling new experiences in feature areas such as Tweets, Fleets, DMs, Live Broadcasting, Media and more. You will use your in depth knowledge of all things Android to craft new Twitter features that are uniquely Android based. As an Android engineer, you will work closely with designers, user researchers, data scientists, product managers, and the engineers that support the developer platform and infrastructure. You will use your passion and in depth knowledge of all things Android to craft the client components and features that will shape the future of Twitter for Android. Qualifications Who you are: You’re an experienced mobile engineer looking to make Twitter for Android one of the best mobile experiences out there. You're someone who excels at user centric product development and has a passion for making beautiful, smooth, delightful mobile experiences. If this sounds like you, you probably have: Top notch programming skills in an object oriented language like Java, Kotlin, or C++ Previous experience developing mobile applications (on Android) Experience implementing new features and optimizing existing ones Technical depth that allows you to rapidly fix bugs and solve problems Experience working closely across a variety of teams including product management, interaction designers, and engineers A detailed approach to writing tests and quality assurance Advocacy of the principles of accessibility and the ability to build interfaces accessible to users with disabilities Knowledge of core CS concepts such as: common data structures and algorithms, profiling/optimization Requirements BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Previous experience developing mobile applications on Android Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status, or any legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. CSS Industries, Inc. is now part of IG Design Group Americas! Design Group Americas is the world’s largest gift packaging company, producing paper, décor, creative play and dated good products for millions of customers throughout the United States and beyond. We transform paper and a whole lot more into products that help the world celebrate life’s special occasions. We are proud to serve the best retailers around the globe with a complete end to end service from design to distribution. What can we offer you? Opportunities to learn, grow, and impact the Company, a fun work environment allowing your creativity to flourish and thrive, a comprehensive employee benefits package, flexibility, and so much more! Responsibilities: Developing eCommerce websites on BigCommerce platform Developing custom BigCommerce themes Migrating websites from other eCommerce platforms to BigCommerce Extending BigCommerce functionalities to next level using storefront APIs, Stencil util API Integrating extensions and third party apps to extend the native capabilities of BigCommerce websites Setting up payment integration, shipping methods and taxation on BigCommerce platform Optimizing page speed of BigCommerce Sites Transforming complex PSD layouts into pixel perfect presentation layer HTML5/CSS3 templates Creating responsive website designs Working with version control systems such as GIT / SVN Working under tight deadlines Handling multiple projects at the same time Producing high quality work with a strong focus on detail Qualifications: A minimum of 2 years of experience in BigCommerce website development Expert knowledge of BigCommerce platform An expertise in BigCommerce theme development and customization Expert level knowledge of BigCommerce Stencil framework (handlebars, front matters etc) Comfortability working with Storefront APIs and Stencil util APIs An expertise in HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript/ECMA Script 5/6 An expertise in JavaScript libraries (eg: jQuery) A thorough understanding of cross browser compatibility issues Strong understanding of responsive web design techniques Understanding of W3C web standards/semantics and accessibility guidelines A knowledge of SEO/CRO best practices on BigCommerce sites An ability to work on multiple projects and tasks at the same time A great attention to detail and be highly organized A positive and upbeat attitude with the ability to learn quickly A leader and self starter Experience with ReactJS/AngularJS (preferred) Proficiency in PHP/MYSQL and AJAX (preferred) Passion to build and treat the business as a startup by acting as a leader with self starter skills A reliable workstation with a fast computer, microphone and speakers, webcam, reliable internet and power if working remotely BigCommerce certification (preferred) Experience with IIS Web Server Configuration Experience with implementing domain re directs All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status. Required Skills Required Experience About the Princeton Review: The Princeton Review is a leading tutoring, test prep, and college admission services company. Every year, it helps millions of college and graduate school–bound students achieve their education and career goals through online and in person courses delivered by a network of more than 4,000 teachers and tutors, online resources, and its more than 150 print and digital books published by Penguin Random House. The company’s Tutorcom brand is one of the largest online tutoring services in the US. It comprises a community of thousands of tutors who have delivered more than 19 million one to one tutoring sessions. The Princeton Review is headquartered in New York, NY. Follow the company on LinkedIn, YouTube and Instagram. Summary of Position: Tutorcom/The Princeton Review is currently seeking a senior level Web Application Engineer for its HQ office in Midtown NYC, NY. This is a full time position with competitive salary and benefits. The developer will participate in the design, development and enhancement of web applications. This includes operational front end development and reporting. The candidate will interface with the business from senior level management to end users. Strong communication skills are essential. The candidate should be passionate about applying technology to solve problems in education, specifically distance learning. Major Responsibilities: Develop front end, object oriented web applications utilizing technologies including Typescript. Maintain and enhance current front end ASPNET MVC applications using JavaScript with libraries and frameworks. Interpret functional and business requirements. Architect, design and implement solutions suited to our current business model and enhance them. Education, Background, Experience & Qualifications: 3 5 years web application/front end development experience. Proficiency in object oriented design. Ability to define and apply technology related standards and processes. Develop back end systems utilizing technologies including: C#, Web API, .NET Frameworks including .NET Core, T SQL (SQL Server) (Preferred not required) The Princeton Review is an Equal Opportunity Employer and maintains a drug free workplace. Job Title: Java Developer Location: Irving, TXDuration: Full Time (We Sponsor H1B)We are Sponsoring H1B Visa for OPT/CPT CandidatesSkill Set: Core Java, Spring Framework, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring Data Flow, JDBC, SQL, database stored procedures and isolation levels, PostgreSQL database, Maven build and AWS deploymentDetailed JD:At least 2+ years involvement of designing and developing applications on Java platform using Spring Framework .Deep knowledge and strong skills in Java, Spring Framework Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring Data Flow JDBC, SQL, database stored procedures and isolation levels. UNIX skills (BASH and KORN) PostgreSQL database Maven build and AWS deploymentJob Type: Full timePay: $75,00000 $80,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)Health insuranceReferral programSchedule:8 hour shiftExperience:java: 1 year (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsVisa Sponsorship Potentially Available:Yes: H 1B work authorizationThis Job Is:A good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or moreA good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and educationA job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applyBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Yes, always Job Description: Job Title: Site Reliability Engineer Location: New York, NY Travel/Relocation: Onsite 5 7 years of SRE experience Strong experience writing code in Python Ability to debug optimize code and automate routine tasks Strong wok experience in SRE topics like SLOs resilience scaling performance and more Previous experience managing production cloud infrastructure at scale Hands on experience with configuration management tools Ansible SaltStack etc Deep understanding of cloud services and CI CD implementation best practices Create and implement production changes to ensure the uptime and stability of the highly trafficked systems Take a hands on approach to the end to end deployment of critical infrastructure for a variety of applications Deliver continuous improvements to the current security posture Collaborate frequently with other technical teams to improve existing infrastructure design Strong communication and collaboration skills About Capgemini: Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year+ heritage and deep industry specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company of 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of €17billion. What we offer: Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business focused learning curriculums. We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients. With the digital tech sector growing at a rapid pace and women significantly underrepresented in the industry, we are determined to inspire and recruit more women into technology and build diverse teams that reflect the clients we serve. Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships. Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage women, veterans and active military service personnel to apply. Disclaimer: Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant http://wwwcapgemini.com/resources/equal employment opportunity is the law Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field; and3+ years of experience building successful production software systems3+ years of experience working with professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operationsExperience developing on Unix/Linux using modern programming languages like Golang, Java, Python, C, and C++.Exposure to cloud computing (AWS, Azure, etc) Come and build innovative services that protect our cloud from security threats. AWS Security owns security for all services offered by AWS. We work with service and security teams across AWS to solve security challenges at massive scale. Our services protect the AWS cloud for all customers and preserves our customers’ trust in us. You’ll work with data scientists, security engineers, and other software development engineers every day and focus on some of the hottest areas in tech including: big data, analytics, computer vision, ML, and AI. You’ll get to build services that proactively protect every single AWS customer, both internally and externally, from security threats – not many teams can say that! Work/Life Balance Our teams are focused on balancing life with work. We are flexible when people occasionally need to work from home. We are offer flexibility and autonomy over your daily schedule, and are generally flexible when it comes to “core hours”. We are builder operators of our services at AWS and have a modest on call rotation where you’ll participate once every 1 2 months. Mentorship & Career Growth Our teams are dedicated to supporting new team members. Teams have a mix of experience levels, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior engineers and managers truly enjoy mentoring junior engineers and engineers from non traditional backgrounds through one on one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth. We assign projects and tasks based on what will help team members develop into a better rounded engineer and enable them to take on complex tasks in the future. Inclusive and Diverse Culture Our teams are intentional about attracting, developing, and retaining amazing talent from diverse backgrounds. Yes, we do get to build cool services, but we also believe a big reason for that is the inclusive and welcoming culture we try to cultivate every day. We’re looking for new teammates who are enthusiastic, empathetic, curious, motivated, reliable, and able to work effectively with a diverse team of peers. We want someone who will help us amplify the positive & inclusive team culture we’re focused on building. Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this roleMeets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us In the Flatiron District, NYC based FinTech company is looking for a React Based Tech lead to join their team. This is a project management based position where you will be in charge of running entire projects from start to finishRequired:5+ Years Experience working as a Front End DeveloperExperience working with ReactExperience working with Typescript and NodeExposure to ScalaUnfortunately, this client is unable to provide sponsorship or transferThis is a full time, permanent direct hire. Not available as corp to corp, contract, C2HJob Type: Full timePay: $170,00000 $200,00000 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable more reliable than spontaneousDetail oriented would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 formation Performance Product Production QA Quality Assurance Release Service Statutory U Unlock Your Career Potential: Technology at ADP. Do you enjoy exploring, identifying and inspiring the future of the workplace and the lives of millions of people? At ADP, the world's largest B2B cloud company, our Technology team is comprised of brilliant engineers, architects, data scientists, infrastructure experts, and more. We were first in our industry to offer a SaaS solution and continue to push the envelope utilizing the latest operating platforms to deliver the highly automated, intelligent and predictive solutions that are redefining what is possible. Named one of Forbes' "Most Innovative Companies" and one of Computerworld's "100 Best Places to Work in IT", we are committed to leading the way in product development and research, empowering you to bring to life the latest innovations that will forever change the way businesses manage their most vital asset, employees. Lead technology and development as the chief technologist for the exciting incubator in ADP Ventures. ADP Ventures is charged with creating new growth for ADP. The incubator explores new opportunity areas, rapidly designs and tests innovative concepts and brings the most game changing ideas to market. If you are a software architect interested in shaping the world of work and making it a better place, ADP Ventures is for you. We are a small team of problem solvers who exhibit high energy and passion for the projects we are exploring. The team has deep research, design, technology, go to market and business acumen and a dedication to experimentation. We are driven by the single idea that we can make work better for everyone! What you'll do: Ideate Collaborate with product management, strategic design and Ventures leadership to develop a pipeline of new product concepts Explore emerging technologies and technical strategies to identify novel solutions that can enable new products, eco systemsand business models CreatePOCs of potential product concepts, partner mash ups and emerging technologies Architect Own the architecture and development of new software for the incubator; ensuring alignment with the overall incubator objectives Translate business vision into technical strategy by collaborating with Product Management, Strategic Design and Ventures Leadership Build relationships with core ADP business line architects to collaborate on optimal approaches to integrate new offerings, balancing speed with scale Develop Build Full Stack applications from scratch using open source and other available components Engineer and understand software and data architecture, able to be in the trenches with the developmentteam Interpret user requirements into technical specification, identifying and evaluating optimal solution paths Oversee the end to end software build process to ensure regular, predictable and high quality software delivery by agile scrum teams Evaluate build, buy partner decisions Experience managing internal and external partners & contractors About You: Seasoned technologist and development leader Entrepreneurial, strategic thinker who is also hands on in implementation Highly collaborative with product and design to ensure product is builts to meet needs and create value for users, buyers and business Pragmatic in developing quick POCs and prototypes Comfortable in unpackaging complexities and ambiguities into a clear course of action Enjoys presenting & building rapport with clients and executives Build strong opinions but hold them loosely Qualifications: Hands on experience in building full stack applications in the cloud with emerging technologies Designed architecture of complete end to end solutions Broad operational knowledge of continuous integration/deployment, serverless architecture, client/server development, and public/private cloud environments Experience in working directly with Product and Design teams Experience in leading and managing internal and external developers Previous experience in startups or large enterprise environments a plus We're designing a better way to work, so you can achieve what you're working for. Consistently named one of the 'Most Admired Companies' by FORTUNE® Magazine, and recognized by DiversityInc® as one of the 'Top 50 Companies for Diversity,' ADP works with more than 740,000 organizations across the globe to help their people work smarter, embrace new challenges, and unleash their talent. "Always Designing for People" means we're creating platforms that will transform how great work gets done, so together we can unlock a world of opportunity. At ADP, we believe that diversity fuels innovation. ADP is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, genetic information, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, lawful alien status, national origin, age, marital status, or protected veteran status. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualifications, experience, ability, and job performance. ABOUT 4C: 4C is building the leading self service intelligence platform for marketers to drive business outcomes across closed ecosystems. Brands, agencies, and media owners around the world trust Scope by 4C™ to surface insights about their most valuable consumers and creatives, and activate them across channels and devices. With over $2 billion in annualized advertising spend running through Scope, 4C bridges linear television, streaming video, digital commerce, and social media. Founded in 2011 and based in Chicago, 4C has staff in the United States, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Singapore. Visit www4Cinsights.com for more information. ABOUT THE ROLE: 4C is looking for talented Software Development Engineers who are passionate about solving real problems and excited about using the latest technology to do it. As an engineer on the team, you will be responsible for helping craft the future of our service both on the frontend interfaces and the backend APIs to support it. You will be working closely with people across engineering, product, and design to help develop an amazing experience for our agency & brand customers. A little about our team: we are a fullstack team of experts in frontend, backend, product and design. We care deeply about our stack and tools, focusing on the best to get the job done. We've built a large modern single page Ember application which we are rapidly moving to React. Performance is incredibly important to us, as we often need to surface extremely large datasets to our users. We are a team that values continuous learning, curiosity, clear communication, deep self motivation and are committed to building an inclusive environment for everyone. RESPONSIBILITIES: Build, test and ship new user facing code in modern tools like React, ES6, Redux, Jest and Webpack Create trustworthy user experiences by building products that are simple, easy to understand, performant and reliable Design highly performant and tested APIs and internal services using tools like Python, Celery, Kubernetes, MySQL, Mongo and Redis Articulate a long term vision for maintaining and scaling our systems across the board Work with other engineers, product mangers, designers and leadership to turn our vision into a concrete roadmap every quarter REQUIREMENTS: At least 2 3 years of experience in software engineering with strong computer science fundamentals You've architected, built, scaled and maintained production services You've designed, built and shipped modern, component based user interfaces You write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your users You're passionate about building technology at scale and solving challenges for your customers in creative and innovative ways NICE TO HAVES: You've worked with JavaScript (ES6) and have worked with production scale React apps You're on top of modern JavaScript and frontend best practices You've worked with modern Python and large backend services using technologies such as Flask Experience working with both SQL and no SQL databases Previous experience working with third party APIs at scale (such as Facebook Graph API) Remote opportunities available WE OFFER: We offer a challenging job in a dynamic international environment. At 4C you have the opportunity to make an impact. We are proud of our open and informal culture. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including Health, Dental, Life Insurance, Matching 401K, Unlimited Vacation and Maternity and Paternity Leave. The salary will be commensurate with experience. Helps define the product roadmap; Acts as subject matter expert and thought leader to management staff. Fundamental Components Maintains up to date knowledge of competitive products, services and trends through research of bleeding edge technology and trends. Reviews the coding work of more junior team members. Partners with senior leadership to help bring together Aetna's extensive digital assets. Background Experience Ability to drive team wide consensus toward adoption of new design and direction. Ability to drive the adoption of new technology and trends. Ability to understand complex distributed system/application concepts and design, and communicate clearly how to construct applications within such a system. 7 years software development experience. 4 years experience developing apps on the specific platform. Bachelor’s Degree and 4 8 years relevant experience Education Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience Percent of Travel Required 0 10% Business Overview At Aetna, a CVS Health company, we are joined in a common purpose: helping people on their path to better health. We are working to transform health care through innovations that make quality care more accessible, easier to use, less expensive and patient focused. Working together and organizing around the individual, we are pioneering a new approach to total health that puts people at the heart. We are committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive workplace. CVS Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring or promotion based on race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, age, disability or protected veteran status. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities. At Parametric, we offer competitive salaries, generous benefits and opportunities for growth and development. We invite you to explore our available job opportunities listed below and look forward to having you become a part of our continued success! General Description Parametric is seeking Software Engineer to help develop proprietary software solutions. Parametric provides a mature workplace for software professionals. We pride ourselves on our development practices and constantly strive to improve them by implementing new ideas from the Agile community. Custom software is a key element of Parametric’s success and as such we consider software development a tier one competency. Primary Responsibilities Work closely with the business unit and other team members to understand and document requirements Provide flexible solutions to complex business problems using our technology practices Design and develop business tier components Design and develop relational database models Design and develop interactive web based user interfaces Design and develop integration solutions with 3rd party data providers and systems Create unit/integration/functional tests Contribute to evolution of our architecture to make it more flexible and easier to use Follow our development process and guidelines Conduct code reviews of other developers Follow technology trends/tools and recommend improvements to our technology when appropriate Enhance our existing testing and code quality solutions to improve test maintainability, reliability and performance Job Requirements 3+ years of hands on Java/J2EE design and development experience. Understanding of core language features and how to use them properly (interfaces, generics, annotations, reflection, closures, etc.). Practical knowledge of major open source projects including Spring and Hibernate. Experience building highly interactive web based user interfaces using HTML, CSS, Java Script, AJAX, and JSON (knowledge of ExtJS is a plus). Experience with test driven development, JUnit, and test mocking. Familiarity with version control systems such as Git or SVN. Working experience with agile development. Familiarity with continuous integration and build tools like Ant or Gradle. Understanding of SOA, AOP and major design patterns including MVC, DAO, Observer, etc. Working experience with major application servers: Tomcat, WebLogic, etc. Knowledge of RDBMS and SQL. Effective communication skills with business users and other developers. AWS experience and certifications are preferred Parametric is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing a work environment that is free of discrimination and harassment. It does not discriminate against applicants or employees with respect to any terms or conditions of employment on account of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, age, pregnancy, parenthood, physical or mental disability (actual or perceived), medical condition including genetic characteristics, marital status, citizenship status, military service, gender, gender identity or express, registered domestic partner status, domestic violence victim status, status with regard to public assistance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Parametric also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that a person has any of those characteristics or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics. This commitment applies to all persons involved in the operations of Parametric, and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee of Parametric, including supervisors and co workers. All employment decisions shall be consistent with the principles of equal employment opportunity. The information on this website is for US. residents only and does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer. Investing entails risks and there can be no assurance that Parametric (and its affiliates) will achieve profits or avoid incurring losses. All investments are subject to potential loss of principal. Parametric does not provide tax or legal advice. Prospective investors should consult with a tax or legal advisor before making any investment decision. Please refer to the disclosure page for important information about investments and risks. Join a team that seeks partners for growth. NesTECH seeks talented, dedicated people. We feel that our people are our most important asset. We work to attract and keep the best people in the business; continuously looking for and evaluating new candidates who can help us achieve further success. We offers an excellent salary, bonus plan and great benefits along with a challenging, yet stable work environment. Send Resume to: jobs@nestechnet or Fax it to (212) 232 0055 Job Type: Full Time Years Experience: 3 5 years Skill Set: Candidate must have experience in developing an enterprise level application. Complete knowledge and experience is required in at least one programming discipline. Knowledge of database, email, operating systems and internet based applications is expected. Ability to manage multiple facets of an engagement as it relates to client expectations. Minimum 3 to 5 years experience in applications. Job Description: Creating and maintaining application level code and systems. Assisting in the Class structures design, application level design, database design and system integration. Responsible for defining, deciding and documenting the company's development methodology, writing white papers on best practices in the field of expertise, evaluating and preparing case studies and providing inputs in the selection of proper technology and tools in different scenarios. Frequently consults with client to provide effective and efficient business application solutions and performs all necessary project related tasks such as gathering and analyzing requirements, laying out suitable application architecture, leading the team of individuals in the design, development and implementation process. 8+ years of industry experience with at least 2 year experience managing team of skilled software development engineers and interfacing with other highly technical engineering leaders 5+ years of hands on software development experience with Object oriented software design and development and programming in a modern lanaguage (Java/Rust/C++/Objective C). Demonstrate technical leadership of both people development and projects execution with strong customer focus Strong analytical and problem solving skills are required Experience and interest in helping teams resolve critical issues under time pressure Demonstrate ability to lead teams, work cross functionally, and build consensus on difficult issues and communicate clearly Experience and ability to develop processes and procedures which will enhance the product quality for our customers and developers experience Participate in non technical aspects including idea generation, business analysis and process optimization collaborating with program managers and product managers. The Inclusive Tech team is revolutionizing how Amazon’s engineering teams think about their code and its effect on the world. Our goal is to perpetuate positive change and improve our code and the language we use for the benefit of everyone. We are working on a multi year project with S Team level visibility that involves teams from across the entire company. You will manage a software development team providing both strategic and tactical oversight to build features and functionalities required to manage and audit language across the entirety of the Amazon code base. You will have the opportunity to dive deep into solutions across the entire software development lifecycle, practice excellent project management across teams and products, set expectations on delivery both upstream and downstream of your team in an agile environment. A successful candidate should have an established background in developing customer facing experiences, a strong technical ability on algorithms and software architecture and object oriented designs, excellent project management skills, great communication skills, and a motivation to solving complex problems in a fast paced environment. Key Responsibilities: Mentoring and Developing software engineers at different experience levels Management and execution against project plans and delivery commitments; manage the day to day activities of the engineering team within an Agile/Scrum environment Management of departmental resources, staffing, mentoring, and enhancing and maintaining a best of class engineering team Work closely with the engineers to architect and develop the best technical design and tradeoffs and partner with Engineering teams for end to end solutions for best customer experience Participate in periodic product strategy sessions and planning team roadmap and strategy Report on status of development, quality, operations, and system performance to management Focus on peer mentoring, code reviews, architectural consultancy and team work Possess strong verbal and written communication skills Experience building tools to improve developer productivity Experience with building websites with Ruby on Rails Experience with managing projects across teams and products. Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Company Description Over the last twenty years, MarketAxess has completely revolutionized the fixed income market by creating a single platform using proprietary technology that connects the world’s most influential financial institutions. Today, more than 1,700 institutional investors and broker dealer firms rely on us to bring them accurate market data to assist with their trading decisions, connectivity solutions that facilitate straight through processing and technology services to optimize trading environments. As a Full Stack Software Engineer, with an emphasis on Front End technologies specifically ReactJS, you will work closely with your team to design and implement new features and products. You will learn the fixed income market allowing you to fully understand the “big picture” of not only what you are developing, but why and how it benefits our customers. At the same time, you will be challenged and pushed out of your comfort zone, by learning new and exciting technologies that we want to implement here at MarketAxess. Above all, you will be empowered by having a voice within your Scrum team as well as within MarketAxess as a whole. Job Description What You'll Do Hands on development of new functionality and maintain the company's fixed income e trading platform for institutional credit product trading focusing on UX/UI and customer experience Participate in analyzing, designing, writing and testing code, documenting and implementing functionally appropriate, technically sound, and well integrated application systems This is completed in accordance with product manager’s vision, customer requirements, and organizational methodologies and standards Work through all phases of the software development life cycle, including analysis, design, requirements, implementation, unit testing, functional testing, and post production release support Perform above duties utilizing React, HTML5, Java, Angular, Gradle, Ant, client to server technology, Oracle What You Bring to the Table 2 7 years of enterprise software development experience BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject Strong in Web technologies (React/Angular/Ajax/JavaScript/SOAP/REST) – React Preferred Understanding of object oriented design patterns Experience with Core Java Agile Methodology What's in it for You In addition to working on cutting edge technology and being more than a number in our lean and collaborative team, we offer: Healthcare and wellness options 401(k) match Potential to receive Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) Employee stock purchase plan Training and tuition assistance Other perks include generous time off policies, stipends for gym memberships, exercise equipment and similar, and access to on site healthcare MarketAxess Corporation and its affiliates provide equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, veteran status or any other characteristic prohibited by federal and state law. Qualifications null Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. The Role: Senior Software Engineer The Location: New York, NY The Team: We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer with Java and Spring boot skills who will contribute and lead the application development of the product. Candidate should understand product vision and should be able to analyze requirements, design and implement enterprise level applications and follow agile methodology in a Scrum environment. Responsibilities: Analyze stories that have been written by Product Owner and perform an estimation of the complexity Setup a strategy to implement the stories. Build or Enhance features in respect to the stories with defensible coding strategies. Delivery with best quality. Provide support and maintenance. Collaborate effectively with technical and non technical stakeholders Follow agile best practices. Raise Concerns About Incomplete or Poor Requirements Attend all Scrum ceremonies Mentoring the junior developers Analyze and recommend solution design (Design Guidance) Ensure that team has an optimal breakdown of Tasks based off functionality or Make sure that code review tasks on all user stories are added and timely completed Ensures that scrum practices are followed and raise concern where you see an anomaly Ensures that team is following the Unit Testing. What We’re Looking For: A minimum of 7+ years of strong experience in application development. Proficient with software development lifecycle (SDLC) methodologies like Agile, Test driven development. Strong command in Java, Spring boot and Restful Services Experience working with AWS cloud. Good understanding of Design Principles & excellent communication skills Knowledge of system architecture, design patterns & ability to work in layered architecture: Presentation, Service, Business & Data. Experience working with Serverless, Elastic Search, Redis, NoSQL, Kubernetes Containers and Docker plus Nice to have JavaScript frameworks like React, HTML 5, CSS, XML/XSLT and JQuery Bachelor’s or master’s degree (or higher) in a relevant discipline, or equivalent work experience At S&P Global Platts, we provide the insights; you make better informed trading and business decisions with confidence. We’re the leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodities and energy markets. Customers in over 150 countries look to our expertise in news, pricing and analytics to deliver greater transparency and efficiency to markets. S&P Global Platts coverage includes oil and gas, power, petrochemicals, metals, agriculture and shipping. S&P Global Platts is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit wwwplatts.com. S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEOCompliance@spglobalcom and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://wwwdol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopostpdf describes discrimination protections under federal law. The New York Times Research & Development team is seeking a software engineer to architect and build technical prototypes designed to illustrate potential journalistic use cases for new technologies. This role works closely with others on the R&D team to explore future formats and workflows for journalism. This position is based in our NYC location. Who you are You enjoy owning applications from front to back, as part of a team. You will work to imagine, architect, build, deploy and iterate software projects. You should be comfortable executing projects by yourself and enjoy collaboration with a larger team. You’re interested in applying engineering skills to solve journalistic problems. We strive to build new experiences that will shape the way we do journalism in 2019 and beyond. You understand the importance of deadlines: we’ll trust you to deliver. You’re both curious and skeptical of emerging technologies. You’re excited to apply new tools, but strive to do so in service of solving actual problems and making a difference for your end users. You enjoy the process of defining what an application does, as well as its mechanics. You should be comfortable guiding a development path from prototype stage through to deployment in a production environment. You’re excited about working in interdisciplinary teams. You will be collaborating with other designers and developers both within the R&D team as well as reporters, photographers and editors in the newsroom during the full lifecycle of a project. You take pride in your craft and understand the need to capture patterns and support future development. Your role will be to bring emerging technologies into focus by creating high quality technical research and prototypes, which can also be shared or packaged for reuse by other developers. What you’ll do Collaborate with your team to run experiments and turn forward looking concepts into production ready reality. Take ownership over the technical parts of projects and check in regularly with team members to ensure all aspects of the project are covered sufficiently. Prepare technical components of projects for open sourcing. Incorporate regular project feedback from key stakeholders in the newsroom. Document and write maintenance manuals for completed projects and internal projects. What you’ll bring Portfolio of personal and professional work 4+ years professional experience working with teams and delivering projects Hands on experience with some of: applying computer vision algorithms, android app development, knowledge of front end frameworks (eg. React/Vue/Svelte) and related web technologies (eg. Webpack), deploying containerized applications, streaming media protocols. Experience in seeing new product creation from start to finish Easygoing attitude, calm under pressure, and personable Exceptional organization and attention to detail Excellent spoken and written communication A real passion for The New York Times’s mission To apply, in lieu of a cover letter, please provide work samples (code snippets, URLs, project summaries) describing your most relevant work for this position and how it expresses your approach to software engineering. This is a temporary position that is expected to last about 9 months. About the R&D team At The Times, technology permeates every aspect of our business, from our thought provoking coverage of technological trends to the digital first transformation of our own business to the changing world of our readers. The R&D team explores the new opportunities that emerging technologies may provide media organizations over the next 12 18 months. We want to improve our team by better reflecting our broad audience — if you’re a member of a community underrepresented in technology, we encourage you to apply. #LI AM1 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. Snapchat is a camera and messaging app that connects people to their friends and the world. Every day around the globe, millions of people use Snapchat to communicate with friends, build relationships, play, and learn. No matter where you are or how you express yourself, it’s always the fastest way to share a moment! Snap Engineering teams build fun and technically sophisticated products that reach hundreds of millions of Snapchatters around the world, every day. We’re deeply committed to the well being of everyone in our global community, which is why our values are at the root of everything we do. We move fast, with precision, and always execute with privacy at the forefront. Some core features we build and maintain include Snapchat’s Camera, Creative Tools, Maps, Chat, Memories, Stories, Discover, Games, and Minis. Our Infrastructure teams deliver an innovative and cost efficient platform that ensures Snapchat is the fastest way to communicate with your friends, no matter where you are in the world. We have one of the fastest growing digital ad platforms, and our Monetization teams drive measurable returns for advertisers through novel ad formats like Augmented Reality. As a Snap Engineering team member, you’ll help us build the future of communication. We’re looking for a Backend Engineer to join Team Snapchat! As a member of this team, you will design and implement the next generation of Snap’s multi cloud architecture. Working from our New York, NY office, you’ll collaborate across engineering teams to build some of the most scalable, Tier 0 services at Snap such as our user service and friend graph. You will also solve exciting distributed systems problems like incremental state synchronization to build our core storage services, used by almost every product at Snap. Finally, you will help the team deprecate our monolithic architecture and move towards a layered service oriented architecture. What you’ll do: Design, implement, and operate our most critical and scalable services ranging from user identity services, friend graph, and our core persistence layer Work across teams to understand product requirements, evaluate trade offs, and deliver the solutions needed to build innovative products Help make our team better by contributing to code reviews, documentation, and development process Advocate for and apply best practices when it comes to availability, scalability, operational excellence, and cost management Effectively mentor junior team members Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Experience with backend services or distributed systems Experience in at least one of the following areas: Large scale microservices and distributed systems Cloud computing and storage systems Infrastructure and large scale system design Security Networking and data storage Machine learning and natural language processing Tools Proven track record of operating highly available systems at significant scale Experience with Java, C++, and/or Python Experience with NoSQL solutions, Memcache/Redis, Kubernetes, or Google/AWS services You have a track record of launching and maintaining features of medium to large scope with measurable impact You are a self improver, investing in improving your skills; you proactively seek out feedback on how to improve your own work and work of your team Ability to collaborate and work well with others Minimum Qualifications: BS/BA degree in a technical field such as Computer Science or equivalent years of experience 5+ years of software development experience At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations ext@snapcom . Our Benefits : Snap Inc. is its own community, so we’ve got your back! We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Our benefits are built around your needs and include paid maternity & paternity leave, comprehensive medical coverage, emotional and mental health support programs, and compensation packages that let you share in Snap’s long term success! EPIX, an MGM Company, is seeking a talented Front End Software Developer to join our collaborative team. The Software Developer will be responsible for creation and implementation of new features, as well as enhancement and maintenance of current platform. PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Architect and develop consumer and internally facing HTML based products and features Plan, estimate and prioritize work within multiple sprints Collaborate with Design and Product teams on project specs Produce responsive HTML, CSS and JS code which support multiple devices Work with frameworks and libraries such as React, Redux and Webpack Evolve any legacy code and iterate quickly, with an eye on reusability Commit code in GIT and review with other team members on full implementation Web Browser Compatibility Testing on multiple devices SKILL REQUIREMENTS, EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION: 3+ years of experience working in responsive front end development, with proven experience developing clean and well formatted HTML, CSS and Javascript React skills a must, Drupal skills a plus. Excellent HTML and CSS skills. Solid understanding of Web Standards is a must Ability to make reusable and fast CSS (Styled Components) HTML5, CSS & JavaScript (ES6) Typescript, RxJS (Observables) & Gatsby a plus Version Control (GIT) Basic Python, Ruby or PHP scripting (loops, if statements) Excellent communicator and collaborator who operates with a high degree of integrity Believes in building high quality products for its entire life cycle Team player who will thrive in our fluid, fast paced, dynamic, and scaling environment Strong personality when under pressure, and must be comfortable being the voice of dissent Creative problem solver who makes concise and informed decisions Detail oriented and highly organized with a demonstrated ability to self motivate and follow through on projects from inception to production release ABOUT EPIX EPIX®, an MGM company, is a premium television network delivering a broad line up of quality original series and documentaries, the latest movie releases and classic film franchises all available on TV, on demand, online and across devices. EPIX® has tripled the amount of original programming on the network and has become a destination for original premium content with series including Godfather of Harlem, starring and executive produced by Forest Whitaker; Pennyworth, the origin story of Batman's butler Alfred; Perpetual Grace, LTD, starring Sir Ben Kingsley; spy thriller Deep State; epic fantasy drama series Britannia; War of the Worlds, from Howard Overman and starring Gabriel Byrne and Elizabeth McGovern; two part music docuseries Laurel Canyon; docuseries Slow Burn based on the hit podcast, docuseries NFL: The Grind, from NFL Films and hosted by Rich Eisen; Belgravia, from Julian Fellowes, Gareth Neame and the creative team from Downton Abbey and six part docuseries Helter Skelter: An American Myth, executive produced and directed by Lesley Chilcott; six part docuseries Enslaved featuring Hollywood icon and human rights activist Samuel L. Jackson; as well as upcoming premieres of drama Chapelwaite, based on the short story Jerusalem's Lot by Stephen King and starring Academy Award winner Adrien Brody, music docuseries By Whatever Means Necessary: The Times of Godfather of Harlem and docuseries Fiasco. Launched in October 2009, EPIX® is available nationwide through cable, telco, satellite and emerging digital distribution platforms as well as through its EPIX NOW app, providing more movies than any other network with thousands of titles available for streaming. For more information about EPIX, go to wwwEPIX.com. Follow EPIX on Twitter @EpixHd (http://wwwtwitter.com/EpixHD) and on Facebook (http://wwwfacebook.com/EPIX), YouTube (http://youtubecom/EPIX), Instagram (http://instagramcom/EPIX) and Snapchat @EPIXTV. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled Company Overview Graphika empowers the world to understand and navigate the Cybersocial Terrain. We create large scale, in depth maps of social media landscapes and conversations to discover how communities form online and how influence and information flow within large scale networks. Our interdisciplinary team uses our unique, patented set of technologies and tools to create and apply new, rigorous analytical methods to answer difficult questions about online conversations. About the Role Graphika seeks an experienced Backend engineer to join our technology team. The technology team at Graphika builds the platform driving our cutting edge analysis. We work with large scale graph algorithms and streaming data to tackle interesting questions in new ways. The backend engineer will be a generalist who collaborates with various other members of the team (including other backend engineers, frontend engineers and product team) to help plan and implement solutions to fix business problems. The backend engineer will also contribute to building and scaling our various data pipelines, working closely with our data science and analysis teams. This is a full time role. Areas of Responsibility Be a generalist with an eye for intra system and inter system communication Actively design, develop and support features and/or systems which serve diverse use cases across Product, Tech, and Labs teams Write and maintain Python and/or Ruby code, specifically APIs Consistently test code and systems for robustness Ideal Candidate Profile You have made significant and self directed contributions to collaborative software projects, from design through implementation. You are a software generalist, comfortable with picking up new technologies and projects. You have a working knowledge of CS fundamentals like algorithms, data structures, and time complexity. You can see the forest for the trees. You think beyond the task at hand to deeply understand the 'why' behind what you are doing. You can maintain a focus on shipping software products, understanding that done is often preferable to perfectY You are an enthusiastic teammate, who engages in collaboration and proactive discussion. You are an effective communicator who can explain technical concepts to product leaders, customer support, and other engineers. You work with confidence and without ego. You have deep knowledge and exercise a high degree of ownership in your daily work. You have loosely held, defensible ideas, and advocate for what you believe is right. You can surface your unarticulated assumptions. You are also adept at identifying and evaluating trade offs, willing to be proven wrong, and quick to support your fellow teammates. Qualifications Required: Professional programming experience in Python Understanding of how APIs work (HTTP and related technologies) Familiarity with API frameworks such as Django, Flask, or Sinatra Experience with cloud computing Knowledge of SQL and common relational database systems such as PostgreSQL and MySQL Can participate in architecture discussions Ability to work legally in the US without visa sponsorship Nice to have: Familiarity with Ruby Knowledge of distributed systems architectures Familiarity with containerization (Docker, specifically) In depth experience with AWS services: S3, Lambda, Kinesis, SQS, etc Previous work in a data focused organization Practice implementing workflow based architectures Experience with social media analysis knowledge of NoSQL technologies like Redis or Mongo All Graphika Tech Team Members... understand and appreciate good software engineering practices, including version control, code reviews, testing, and refactoring are comfortable debugging and optimizing code write tests to make sure code is reliable help shape technical decisions within the team collaborate within and across departments to ensure successful product creation have the ability to pick up new tools and technologies as needed Education Requirements: Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience Benefits Unlimited PTO, with a company mandated minimum of ten days of vacation time taken per year. 100% healthcare (health, vision, dental) premium coverage for employees; 50% premium coverage for families For NYers, access to "Graphikafé," our NYC small office setup with bookable hotdesks, meeting rooms, and phone booths Remote personal office setup stipend + 20% of home internet costs covered An important note about joining Graphika during this extraordinary time: Graphika is growing! Despite the downturn and accompanying reductions in other sectors and companies, Graphika is retaining current employees and is actively hiring for full time positions. In the BeforeTimes, Graphika's Technology Team was fully co located in our NYC office. On March 12, 2020, Graphika moved to a fully distributed model, and we've been working together as a company to respond to the changing realities of the AfterTimes. As a result, we are happy to consider applicants who are located in the continental US, with the caveat that the Technology Team works on Eastern time and begins their day at around 10am. Daily Standup is at 10:30am EST. About Us: LeagueApps is the operating system and community for youth and local sports leaders—providing them with the tools they need to manage and grow their organizations, and deliver amazing experiences to their members. A fast growing, venture backed company, we count professional leagues, teams, and athletes as our customers and partners, and reach millions of people every day through our best in class SaaS platform. Beyond our sports management software, which powers everything from registration to payments to communications, we are committed to creating conversation around the topics and trends that will shape our industry's future—injury prevention for youth players, the intersection of sport and technology, and equitable access for all those who wish to play. About the role: To support our quickly growing team, we are seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our Product Engineering group in our New York office to help build the features that power our sports management platform. You'll lead large, technical projects – directing and coordinating the work of other engineers when necessary You'll plan, execute, and evangelize software architecture improvements that support key business and technical goals You'll share your experience and knowledge by mentoring other engineers You'll partner with product, design, and other business stakeholders to design and implement impactful product features to make the lives of our users easier You'll advocate for new technologies and practices to improve our platform and supercharge the development process Our stack: Java Struts 2 & Spring MVC Hibernate MySQL GCP About you: You're excited about building great software You're curious and passionate You thrive in a collaborative environment You write clean, testable code with an eye towards maintainability You're smart, humble, and enjoy learning as much as teaching Perks! Equity Grants Health Benefits! Medical, Dental, and Vision Health coverage We'll pay for your sports leagues! Computer, Cell Phone, and Gym subsidies Culture and work environment that emphasizes teamwork, passion, learning, and fun Social impact opportunities through our FundPlay initiative that includes events, volunteering, and grant making LeagueApps is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. Company Description Twitter is one of the largest and most popular platforms in the world. Our code operates at massive scale and speed, serving billions of requests per day, connecting hundreds of millions of active Twitter users to real time information about their lives and the world we live in. The Revenue Experience team is responsible for all interfaces between Twitter ad products and advertisers. We build high quality, full stack products that make it easy for advertisers to create and measure their campaigns and objectives. Job Description Our Engineering Environment: At Twitter, we believe that good system designs require collaboration so that the end result is simple yet sophisticated. We promote openness by contributing to open source and sharing our data through Twitter’s API (learn more here https://devtwitter.com/ads/overview). Our technology stack is mainly based on Scala and Java on the backend, with data analytics systems built on Heron and Hadoop. Our Team: The Advertiser API platform serves some of the world’s biggest brands, agencies, and Ad Tech partners to solves their campaign, creative, and audience management needs and provides insights and analytics. We’re focused on developer efficiency, driving an API first philosophy and ensuring that our platform is stable, extensible, and scalable. Who You Are: You are a proven engineer. Not only strong technically, you have shown that you can work effectively with product managers, designers and other engineering teams. You have a fierce sense of ownership, caring deeply about the quality of everything that you deliver into your customers' hands. You love the challenge of engineering, and are confident in your ability to bring clarity and direction to ambiguous problem spaces. You work well in a fast paced environment while deeply investing in long term quality and efficiency. Qualifications 6+ years experience developing large scale distributed systems Fluent in one or more JVM based language such as Java or Scala Strong software engineering practices (eg. coding, unit testing, code reviews, design documentation) Experience innovating in service oriented architecture BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or similar technical field Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. About Ro Founded in 2017, Ro is a patient driven telehealth company that puts you in control of your health. We’re patients, just like you, building technology to make healthcare accessible, affordable, and maybe even enjoyable. Ro powers three digital health clinics Roman for men’s health, Rory for women’s health, and Zero for fighting smoking addiction as well as Ro Pharmacy, a simple and affordable online pharmacy where every medication is $5 per month. The company’s nationwide networking of physicians and pharmacies provides a personalized, end to end healthcare experience from online treatment to the delivery of medication and ongoing care. Ro was named #2 in Wellness on Fast Company’s 2019 list of the World’s Most Innovative Companies, listed by Inc. Magazine as a Best Place to Work in 2020, and earned its Great Place to Work Certification in 2020. At Ro, you will build technology to help people become a healthier version of themselves, give medical control back to our members, and power our increasingly complex operations. As a Software Engineer on the brand new Mobile Team, you’ll build a future of mobile function at Ro from the ground up enabling Ro to expand medical care access to millions of Americans. Your work will be seen by and directly impact all of Ro’s members and will be integral to Ro’s success. You’ll do much more than just write code you'll get to define our mobile architecture, engineering culture, processes, and best practices. What You'll Do Build the mobile face of our company. Drive technology and design decisions to deliver fast, usable and secure applications at scale. Collaborate with partner teams to integrate with Ro's platform infrastructure. Serve as mentor and leader to other engineers on the team. Partner with product and engineering leads to define problems, opportunities, and success metrics. What You’ll Bring Experience working in agile development teams building scaled software applications Track record of delivering efficient software solutions that respond to complex problems. Clear communication around technical concepts and ideas and the ability to collaborate with engineering and other parts of the organization. Benefits + Perks Full medical, dental, and vision insurance + OneMedical membership Healthcare and Dependent Care FSA Commuter benefits 401(k) Flexible PTO Fitness reimbursement Paid maternity/parental leave A never ending supply of office snacks + coffee + tea The cutest office dog you’ve ever seen We welcome qualified candidates of all races, creeds, genders, and sexuality to apply. See our California Privacy Policy here. Spotify is looking for a Full Stack Engineer to join our Marketplace engineering organization. You will help support our mission to give a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their work. If you’re interested in helping music creators grow their fan base and build teams to help them succeed in their career, come join us. In Creator Studio, we build consumer facing products that provide creators new avenues for promoting their work, reaching new audiences, and deepening connections with fans. We create features like Marquee and Canvas for artists looking to promote new releases, catalogs or events. Our teams work in both the consumer Spotify client as well as our Spotify for Artists platform. As a result, engineers in Creator Studio are exposed to a broad set of Spotify features and services. What you’ll do Use your experience in full stack engineering to craft intelligent solutions that include back end, client and front end systems Be a valued member of an autonomous agile team to continuously experiment, iterate and deliver on new product objectives Facilitate collaboration with other developers, product owners, and designers to tackle exciting and challenging problems for helping artists promote their work Work in an environment that supports your individual growth by providing you with challenging problems to tackle and the freedom to acquire new skills in hack time, guilds, lectures and a variety of internal training courses Deliver testable, maintainable and high quality code and take operational responsibility for the components that you develop Work closely with a diverse team to apply experimental thinking as we build new features for our users Lead projects to experiment with, implement, and test user facing features Author and circulate technical RFCs to document approaches Improve the reliability and availability of our systems Who you are Passionate about delivering end to end experiences and care about software architecture across the frontend, backend, and the APIs that glue them together Experienced in back end development (preferably Java) and managing system uptime and reliability Experienced with modern JavaScript (TypeScript is a plus) coding, testing, debugging, and automation techniques. Experience with React is also a plus. Care about web technologies, exploring data, user experience, and design Value having fun, staying positive, and learning new things, and enjoy working closely together with your product team to bring value to your stakeholders Comfortable and confident in an experimental and fast paced work environment Passionate about what you do, and have a high interest in keeping up with current best practices in your areas of expertise Have a solid understanding of cloud platforms like AWS or GCP Collaborative and a team first player who sees the value in pairing and mobbing Excellent written and verbal and communication skills You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 299 million users. Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking AI Software Engineers to join our Research & Development teams. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working on a range of problems. The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting and massive social data and prediction problems that exist on the web. Apply relevant AI and machine learning techniques to build intelligent user experiences Develop novel, accurate AI algorithms and advanced systems for applications Code deliverables in tandem with the engineering team Work with product managers to define use cases, and develop methodology and benchmarks to evaluate different approaches BS, MS or PhD. degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field 5+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: Deep Learning, Computer Vision, NLP, Speech, AR/VR, Conversational AI, Dialogue, Robotics, AI Infrastructure, Machine Learning or artificial intelligence Proven experience in translating insights into business recommendations Experience with Hadoop/HBase/Pig or MapReduce/Sawzall/Bigtable Knowledge developing and debugging in C/C++ and Java Experience with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, PHP, and shell scripts Experience with filesystems, server architectures, and distributed systems Experience developing software for consumer devices or mobile, including algorithm design and systems software development Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local lawFacebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations ext@fbcom. Job Description: Job Title: Site Reliability Engineer Location: New York, NY Travel/Relocation: Onsite 5 7 years of SRE experience Strong experience writing code in Python Ability to debug optimize code and automate routine tasks Strong wok experience in SRE topics like SLOs resilience scaling performance and more Previous experience managing production cloud infrastructure at scale Hands on experience with configuration management tools Ansible SaltStack etc Deep understanding of cloud services and CI CD implementation best practices Create and implement production changes to ensure the uptime and stability of the highly trafficked systems Take a hands on approach to the end to end deployment of critical infrastructure for a variety of applications Deliver continuous improvements to the current security posture Collaborate frequently with other technical teams to improve existing infrastructure design Strong communication and collaboration skills About Capgemini: Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year+ heritage and deep industry specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company of 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of €17billion. What we offer: Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business focused learning curriculums. We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients. With the digital tech sector growing at a rapid pace and women significantly underrepresented in the industry, we are determined to inspire and recruit more women into technology and build diverse teams that reflect the clients we serve. Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships. Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage women, veterans and active military service personnel to apply. Disclaimer: Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant http://wwwcapgemini.com/resources/equal employment opportunity is the law Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Zuul is seeking to bring on a mid level, back end software engineer to assist in the development of the next generation of restaurant technology. Applicants should be self starters with a desire to work in a fast paced and dynamic environment. Responsibilities Work closely with design and product to develop API's consumed by Zuul's applications. Architect systems that efficiently join 3rd party API's into a single application. Analyse and improve internal API performance Implement test driven workflows Troubleshoot and fix reported bugs Build and document API's for 3rd parties to consume Qualtifications Proven ability to launch, scale and support RESTful APIs and distributed systems 3+ years experience in PHP, Laravel and Mysql Mastery of basic tooling like: git, npm, webpack, composer, etc. Strong desire to learn and adopt new frameworks/languages to support specific use cases At Zuul we recognize that the web is constantly evolving and have thus structured our architecture to support/encourage rapid prototyping and experimentation. Experience with Docker and containerization workflows Basic DevOps skills (bash scripting, database management, cloud infrastructure management) Experience with Kubernetes is a plus Experience in Nodejs and Go is a plus Experience in the front end is a plus (ie Vue / React) About Us Ready is an on demand mobile health service that delivers non emergency care directly to patients. To accomplish this, Ready sends a trained health professional, which we call a “Responder,” to facilitate a telehealth visit between the patient and a licensed clinician. With Ready, patients now have access to quality care in their homes, 16 hours a day, 365 days a year, and talented individuals are provided the opportunity to work with a rapidly growing, mission driven company. We hope you will join us. About The Opportunity The Ready Product & Engineering Team is a fast growing team of 20 members, which supports the delivery of care to patients, coordination of medics in the field, integrations with healthcare partners, and consolidation of data for reporting to the larger organization. We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to work on core products within our custom platform. These internal products help our clinicians chart patient health details, our dispatchers manage and assign visits, operations manage our markets and responder availability, and our responders navigate to a patient and track patient details. These products are built using ReactJS, React Native, and NodeJS using Amplify, AppSync, and GraphQL. You’ll be a good fit for this role if you value having significant ownership of your work, helping to lead the direction of the team and product, and mentoring other engineers. We value collaboration, cross team partnerships, continuous learning, and curiosity. We value an environment where all team members are supported to openly discuss ideas. What You’ll Do Partner with designers and product managers to develop new features for our core platform Work with product managers to build roadmaps and release timelines Work with product managers to create detailed specifications for epics and stories Streamline development practices and deployments Work with QA to improve and automate testing practices Manage releases in Github Ensure good code quality, documentation, and test coverage Help track down bugs and troubleshoot with other teams What You’ll Need A minimum of 5 years experience in a software engineering role, with at least 2 years of engineering lead experience on a full stack Javascript product Full stack engineering and platform architecture experience Experience with NodeJS, ReactJS, and React Native Experience working with GraphQL and Apollo Experience with the entire product lifecycle (development, testing, release, and maintenance) Experience working in an agile environment Bonuses A background in healthcare or experience working in highly regulated industries Experience working with AWS Amplify and AppSync Experience working with AngularJS Join our team of developers working on proprietary business to business web applications. Blue World technology handles large transactional data sets and provides customers with custom software applications. Blue World is constantly developing new platforms while also maintaining existing systems.· Developer with 2 5 years of experience· Perform task oriented assignments on proprietary web applications· Participate in development of new applications for clients· Maintain software licensed by Fortune 500 companies· Develop in an Agile environment· Experience usingPHP (Laravel/CodeIgniter/Zend)PythonAPI Integrations (JSON/XML)MySQL/MsSQLjQuery/AngularJS/VueGitHubHTML/CSSBootstrapAWS***Please submit a resume along with a sample project for reviewBlue World is currently offering remote workSalary: $70,000 $90,000 based on experience. Bonus eligible. 40 Hours per weekAbout Blue WorldBlue World is a New York City based company that provides technology products to businesses. Blue World specializes in the food and beverage industry’s away from home channel, bringing innovation and experience to the market. Blue World is committed to providing industry leading software solutionsBlue World’s custom designed software applications are tailored to its clients. In the past five years Blue World has developed transactional based systems that process 150k transactions daily in real time, as well as Apache driven data analysis platforms which analyze 1B+ consumer purchases annuallyBlue World designs, develops, and hosts web applications in a variety of industries including Health Care and LogisticsWe provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employmentJob Type: Full timePay: $70,00000 $90,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offParental leaveVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:https://wwwblueworldinc.com/Work Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 2+ years of non internship professional software development experienceProgramming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. Want to build the future of music and audio entertainment? Imagine being part of an agile team, where your ideas have the potential to reach millions. Envision working within a startup atmosphere, while being able to leverage the resources of a Fortune 500 company. Picture working on bleeding edge consumer facing products, where every team member is a critical voice in the decision making process. Welcome to Amazon Music’s New Projects team. Our team builds new experiences for Amazon Music listeners. We help our customers discover up and coming creators, while also having access to their favorite music and podcasts. We build systems that are distributed around the world, spanning our music apps, web player, and voice forward experiences on mobile and Amazon Echo devices, powered by Alexa. Amazon Music products support our mission of delivering audio entertainment in new and exciting ways that listeners love. Amazon Music’s New Projects team is looking for founding team members across a variety of functions, including software engineering/development, product, marketing, design, and more. Come make history, as we launch new projects for millions of listeners. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related field2+ year(s) of Android mobile development experience using Java or C++Computer Science fundamentals in object oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysisExperience developing high quality Android applicationsExperienced in all stages of development, including design, development, testing, and deploymentThorough understanding of both client and web application architecturesAnalytical skills, excellent communication skills, and strong team ethic Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. #MusicJobs OkCupid is looking to hire a Software Engineer II on our Android team! If you’re an experienced Android Engineer and you like the idea of being a key contributor on an app used by millions of people, read on. What’s it like being an Android Engineer at OkCupid? We’re a small, tight knit Mobile Development team that manages all aspects of OkCupid’s Android app. Every person we hire is given a lot of responsibility and a lot of power; your opinion can be a big part of what we do and how we do it. OkCupid is an engineering focused company. We are a group of developers that gets a big sense of satisfaction from helping millions of people find love. If that’s the kind of thing that appeals to you, you’re probably a good fit for OkCupid. We’re seeking someone who has:2+ years of professional experience working with key technologies for the Android platformFluency in Kotlin (the language we use) and/or Java (the language we used to use)Experience designing robust, extensible, and testable mobile application code and frameworksExperience consuming and designing REST APIs and/or experience with GraphQL QueriesStrong UI development skills (complex view trees, animations, rendering and strong knowledge of the Android UI kit) Some cool things about our team:We are all in on Kotlin (and have been for 2 years)We use MVVM with lots of RxWe use and are passionate about Android Architecture ComponentsWe write unit tests for all of our code and use CI to automate themWe are a single Activity appWe are passionate about building a great user experience and a clean codebase. We write tech designs for all of our major features and are deeply enthusiastic about knowledge sharingWe’re transitioning to GraphQL #LI East What’s in it for you?Competitive salary and full benefits, including Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401kWorkstation and tools of your choicePaid attendance to conferencesDaily complimentary catered lunch from some of NYC’s top restaurants, and an endless supply of snacks & drinksCompany funded happy hours/eventsDiscounted membership to some amazing NYC facilities including Chelsea Piers GymGenerous maternity and/or paternity leave and contributions towards fertility preservationA sunny office full of incredibly curious and friendly people OkCupid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive environment for all employees. Senior DevOps Engineer (full time and fully remote) profitable Cryptocurrency related startup. All employees work remotely from their homes various locations across the US. including a few folks on the West CoastSmall (< 15) Cryptocurrency related software startup is seeking a Senior DevOps Engineer with strong Kubernetes experience supporting high availability cloud (AWS or GCP) applications with current monitoring technologies and other infrastructure as code. Nice to haves include blockchain experience and /or deep security expertiseThe company received a moderate sized Seed round of funding from a major Crypto Hedge Fund company a few years ago and will not require additional funding. They are cash flow positive with growing revenues and several years of cash in the bankWorking directly with the Co Founders (CEO & CTO) both of which are experienced tech entrepreneurs with previous startup successCompetitive base salary + valuable stock options. This job is full time and 100% fully remoteFor more info contact Bivium Founder Jamie LeBlanc jamie [at] biviumgroup [dot] com Jamie is the co founder of Bivium and a top ranked software recruiter located in Boston with over 20 years of software engineering recruitment experience and >90 Recommendations on LinkedIn [https://wwwlinkedin.com/in/jamieleblanc/] .devops, kubernetes, infrastructure as code, iac, aws, google cloud, gcp, container orchestration, site reliability, prometheus, grafana, go, python, java, c++, high availability, ha cloud, time series data, open source, cryptocurrency, blockchain, evm, decentralized finance, defi, #jamiejobs, jamie leblanc, remote devops jobs, IndeedJob Type: Full timePay: $100,00000 $150,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)Flexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:DevOps: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteCompany's website:wwwbiviumgroup.comCompany's Facebook page:wwwbostonsoftwarejobs.com Backend engineers at viagogo work on a variety of teams that are responsible for building the software and infrastructure that powers a user's journey from thinking about going to an event to having the time of their life in front row seats! Success in this role requires a passion for both technology and using it to solve business challenges. Some of the challenges our engineers work on include: ingesting and categorizing millions of events across the globe, automated advertising to user's all over the world, processing payments in almost every currency and payment method, integrating with local and global delivery services to get tickets from sellers to buyers. We've found that these areas pose really interesting challenges when done at scale! The only way to gain experience is by having tried and failed multiple times, so we'll expect you to have plenty of war stories to share with us about the times when it didn't work out quite as planned, and what you learned. We like teammates who know the pros and cons of the approaches to problem solving and tools they use. About You: Consistently been drawn to larger projects or more difficult engineering challenges with increasing amounts of risk/load/complexity/autonomy (or similar dimensions). Likely are a specialist in one or more areas but we like to talk to generalists too. Will be working alongside individuals who have extreme depth in areas like SQL Server performance, ASP MVC and Web API, or performant C# code – As a senior backend engineer you'll be expected to work on problems at every stage of the agile life cycle from understanding the business challenge to implementing and maintaining production systems. You might: Add resilience (circuit breakers, bulk head isolation, etc) to a pipeline of data through several .NET 47.2 and .NET Core micro services which produces millions of requests to Google, Microsoft and Facebook APIs every day Design and implement a strategy for moving an architecture of Windows Services running on dedicated servers to a horizontally scalable, Microsoft Azure based, architecture Design an architecture (application level and data storage level) for supporting analytical queries over a large dataset (TBs) and operational queries over a minimal subset of the data Our Tech: Our website and mobile applications currently serve millions of fans in over 160 countries, 50 languages, and supports almost every currency. Behind this, our distributed platform consists of several applications that communicate with each other via message brokers (like Azure EventHubs and RabbitMQ) and RESTful APIs. viagogo predominantly utilizes Microsoft technologies, such as Windows, .NET, C# and IIS. However, we’re not afraid to use the right tool for the job. We use RabbitMQ for some of our internal pub/sub messaging, Redis for local caching, and gRPC for high performance out of process calls. Our distributed platform consists of several applications that communicate with each other via message brokers (RabbitMQ/Azure EventHubs/SQL Service Broker) and RESTful APIs. Our backend applications are .NET Core. At the database layer, we deploy a high availability configuration using availability groups. These support everything from high volume transactions to decision support/telemetry analytics. We're increasingly taking advantage of the Azure cloud to enable hybrid or cloud only scenarios that support our global growth, and ability to quickly respond to surges in demand. viagogo is the leading global marketplace for music, sports, and entertainment tickets. We have finalized a deal to acquire StubHub and look forward to continuing our market leadership. Despite our rapid growth while revolutionizing a 100 billion dollar industry, we maintain our start up ethos and data driven, collaborative culture. We believe that small, cross functional teams can achieve extraordinary results. Fans from nearly every country in the world can find millions of tickets to their favorite events in the language, currency, and with the device of their choice. We provide the widest possible choice of tickets to events around the world and help ticket sellers reach a global audience. viagogo has partnered with many of the world’s leading brands in sports and entertainment while helping fans access unforgettable experiences. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity on our team. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. About The Opportunity: Grubhub is dedicated to connecting hungry diners with our wide network of restaurants across the country. Our innovative technology, easy to use platforms, and streamlined delivery capabilities make us an industry leader today, and in the future of online food ordering. We strive to create a workplace that reflects the diversity of our customers and the communities we serve. When you join our team, you become part of a community that works together to innovate, solve problems, take risks, grow, work hard and have a ton of fun in the process! Why Work For Us We have a fast paced environment and that is what our teams thrive on. Grubhub believes in empowering people and offering opportunities for development, as well as professional growth. We value strong, positive relationships in all areas: with each other, our customers and our greater community. Want to be a part of a team of diverse collaborators in an authentically fun culture? If so, we want to talk to you and hear what’s your favorite restaurant for food delivery! The Content Team at Grubhub helps catalog and serve menu content for all the Restaurants on the Grubhub platform. Our services serve millions of requests per day for restaurant availability and content. If you're an engineer interested in high scale web services and influencing a crucial part of our product this team is for you! The Impact You Will Make: Help build low latency, high throughput RESTful services Contribute to the content platform, software frameworks and SDK’s Communicate with leadership, product owners, other technologists, and users to create working software based on an understanding of business and technical priorities Help build systems that integrate with many other real time data sources and services Contribute to the optimization of the service runtime for performance and scale What You Bring to the Table: Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Programming, or Engineering related field 2+ years experience large scale distributed real time systems, consumer facing applications (e commerce preferred) Programming experience on the JVM (Java/Scala) or similar modern object oriented language Experience developing testable, fault tolerant, and performant software AWS experience, or similar cloud based offerings Experience working with eventually consistent databases (Cassandra/MongoDB/CouchDB) Experience with scale and volume mobile backed systems a plus And Of Course, Perks!: Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees are provided a generous amount of time to recharge their batteries Health and Wellness. We provide programs that support your overall well being such as generous medical benefits, employee network groups, company wide fitness challenges, and a comfortable and casual workplace! We also support our parents by offering 8 weeks of paid parent bonding time, a 4 week returnship program, and 6 8 weeks paid medical leave Learning and Career Growth. Your personal and professional development is a priority at Grubhub. From day one, we empower you to lead and be an active participant in your career growth. We provide continuous learning opportunities, training, and coaching and mentorship programs MealPerks. Who’s ready for some lunch? We provide our employees with a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants. We also offer company wide meals several times a year to bring our Grubhub family together Fun. Every Grubhub office has an employee led Culture Crew that connects people through fun, meaningful events and initiatives. Some of our popular past events include: Wing eating contests, Grubtoberfest, 5k Runs, Bring Your Child to Work Day, regular happy hours, and more! Social Impact. We believe in the importance of serving the communities that support our business. In addition, employees are given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them Remote Working. No need to be NYC or Chicago based feel free to work remotely from the comfort of your home. Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the US. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhubcom and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address. CA Privacy Notice: If you are a resident of the State of California and would like a copy of our CA privacy notice, please email privacy@grubhubcom. The New York Times is seeking a creative and motivated software engineering intern to join the Research and Development team this spring. In this role, you will be embedded on a team of engineers, designers, journalists and creative technologists and contribute to the work of one of our research areas. This internship is for currently enrolled undergraduate and graduate students, or those who graduated Spring of 2020 or later. To Apply: Please include links to a portfolio of related work and a code sample on your resume. About Our Team: Every day, journalists at the New York Times report more than 200 stories from dozens of countries around the world on topics ranging from major international events to the best way to roast a chicken. Those stories are read, listened to and watched by millions of users across our web and mobile products. The New York Times R&D team explores the near future of news and information by identifying emerging technologies and shifting user behaviors that may influence journalism. Exploration areas include machine learning (like natural language processing and computer vision), spatial computing (like 3D graphics and AR/VR), and media transmission (like capture and transmission of audio, video, or 3D content) for journalism. We explore potential scenarios and identify opportunities for taking action, using a mix of strategic forecasting, human centered design, and speculative prototyping. With these insights, we develop new technical capabilities that can be employed in the service of journalism. During the Internship, You Will: Have the opportunity to focus on one engineering project for the duration of the internship. Recent R&D intern projects have included exploring new ways to navigate travel content using NLP, building augmented reality story formats, designing the interface for an AI assisted newsroom tool, and using computer vision to more accurately search The Times’ archives. Join an interdisciplinary team of engineers, designers, journalists and creative technologists. Be matched with a teammate to guide you throughout the summer. About You: You have a portfolio of school and personal projects in topics related to the R&D team’s research areas. You have hands on experience with at least one specialized technology relevant to R&D research areas such as: WebGL, gaming engines (Unity, Unreal), or machine learning frameworks (pytorch/Tensorflow/Caffe). You have a solid grasp of basic web development, and know how to deploy apps to the cloud. You enjoy finding creative solutions to technical challenges. You have an interest in journalism and a desire to build amazing, innovative experiences for our readers. You are entrepreneurial and self sufficient. You're a curious person — you continually seek out additional knowledge and viewpoints. You have an enthusiasm for The New York Times and its products/experiences. About Our Summer Internships: The program is 10 weeks long. You will work remotely during the summer Interning at The New York Times is a unique opportunity to work at a historic and innovative global media organization dedicated to enhancing society by creating, collecting and distributing high quality news and information. We run a week long maker event during the summer, where Design, Product, Project, Marketing and Technology come together You will be helping to power, distribute and expand what is possible for our award winning journalism. NYT interns benefit from competitive pay, great perks and influential networking opportunities. The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. Xandr’s mission is to build a better Internet. We develop a technology platform that powers the real time sale and purchase of Digital Advertising. Our platform is engineered to provide one of the fastest, most reliable, and massively scaled advertising systems in the industry. Xandr is seeking a Software Engineer to join the Creative team. Creatives (or Digital Ads) are the transactional unit of Online Advertising; they are what the user sees. Being that creatives are a core part of our clients’ buying strategies, our products are some of the most heavily used on the platform. We strive to provide intuitive interfaces and optimize our workflows to reduce errors and time to complete tasks. In this role you will work in a small but highly effective and agile team comprised of smart, passionate Engineers to bring products from inception to production. We strongly believe that collaboration enables better products, so you will work closely with Product Managers, UX designers, and other engineers to design solutions. As our applications continue to evolve, you will have a significant voice in shaping our best practices and tooling. About the job: Collaborate with Engineers on the team to build intuitive products that address the needs of our customersWrite code at all levels of the stack, from user interface to SQL query to backend codeParticipate in design and code reviews to ensure the quality of the products we deliverMentor more junior engineers on designing robust applications and implementing maintainable codeDeliver well tested, maintainable and robust code About the team: We are a diverse group of Software Engineers, Product Managers, Project managers, and DesignersOur backgrounds are varied, and while some of us have relevant degrees, others went to bootcamps or are self taughtWhile we are all currently working remotely, most of us are based in NYC or BrazilWe constantly refine our process and strive to do betterMany of us like puzzles and riddles – you may or may not like them as well – either is OK! About your experience and skills: Minimum 3 (or more) years of experience in a professional software engineering capacity building web applicationsExperience with building scalable web services preferredExperience with any technology in our stack preferred: JavaScript, Java, PHP, Python, or CExperience with databases preferred: MySQL, CassandraExperience planning and implementing cross functional projects, spanning multiple components, that deliver high quality products on timeExperience contributing to long lived enterprise web applications More about you: You are excited about writing concise code with clean and simple interfacesYou are passionate about learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve and sharing your knowledge to empower othersYou are always looking to improve how things are done and what is builtYou care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long term solutions for the whole ecosystem **Please note: We are NOT currently accepting unsolicited Staffing Agency/Vendor candidates at this time. Xandr / Warner Media / AT&T will not be responsible for any candidates submitted without prior written authorization.** MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: CONSUMER (MARCUS BY GOLDMAN SACHS) Marcus by Goldman Sachs is the firm’s consumer business, combining the entrepreneurial spirit of a startup with 150 years of experience. Today, Marcus has $90 billion in deposits, $7 billion in loan balances and 4 million customers across our lending and deposits businesses, as well as the personal financial management app, Clarity Money. Through the use of insights and intuitive design, we provide customers with powerful tools and products that are grounded in value, transparency and simplicity. We are backed by our unique team, comprised of individual contributors from leading agile technology companies, fintechs and consumer financial services companies, allowing us to disrupt the industry, while helping consumers take control of their financial lives. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: MARCUS: CARDS ENGINEERING Marcus by Goldman Sachs is a consumer fintech division of the company. We help millions of consumers with multitude of financial products, like lending, deposits, financial tools, and cards. Our partnership with Apple on Apple Card resulted in one of industry's largest and most successful credit card launches. We use modern architecture principles, collaborative development processes and continuous delivery approach. Key tenets we apply when designing systems for our customers are value, transparency and simplicity. To achieve those we rely heavily on decisions driven by data and automated with help of predictive analytics and machine learning. As we build a leading digital consumer bank and expand into new products and partnerships, we welcome leaders and contributors to join our team. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS The characters we appreciate are those of inspiring leaders and engineers with deep appreciation for their craft. We need system designers ready to own the product life cycle from inception to running in production. Great collaborators and team players will thrive and grow in this environment. HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL You will develop financial products with direct impact on millions of consumers Systems under your watch will be the primary sources of revenue for the organization You build it: engineers are in control of decisions about systems they own from the first line of code written You run it: engineers with assistance from global SRE guild are responsible for operation of systems they built You own it: engineers do not wait for orders here. They do research, pitch projects. Great ideas are valued and implemented Professional network: you will meet and collaborate with very influential people within the global organization and the entire industry Every person is a first class member of the team irrespective of location. Same caliber of work is given to engineers located in US, Europe and Asia SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Minimum 5+ years of relevant professional experience S. or higher in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience) Experience in one or more of JVM languages: Java, Scala, Kotlin, Clojure Practical knowledge of Spring framework Familiar with one or more of the following: distributed systems, transactional services, NoSQL databases, distributed messaging Strong written and verbal communication skills Culture of excellence and collaboration Practiced lean methodologies, like Scrum, Kanban or XP Ability to proactively establish trust with stakeholders up to executive level VPExposure to tech leadership/architecture responsibilities Preferred Qualifications Experience with using Kafka as messaging middleware Familiarity with high scale NoSQL solutions like MongoDB Expertise in delivering SOA or microservices architecture Understanding of principles of Continuous Delivery, Devops and System Reliability Engineering Cloud infrastructure expertise, preferably AWS Experience in designing distributed systems Practical Test Driven Development High scale performance optimizations Fintech experience will be a great asset ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: CONSUMER AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT DIVISION (CIMD) The Consumer and Investment Management Division includes Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), Private Wealth Management (PWM) and our Consumer business (Marcus by Goldman Sachs). We provide asset management, wealth management and banking expertise to consumers and institutions around the world. CIMD partners with various teams across the firm to help individuals and institutions navigate changing markets and take control of their financial lives. ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GScom/careers. We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://wwwgoldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability statementhtml © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Summary Posted: Sep 17, 2020 Role Number:200177054 The Apple Media Products Engineering team is one of the most exciting examples of Apple’s long held passion for combining art and technology. These are the people who power the App Store, Apple TV, Apple Music, Apple Podcasts, and Apple Books. And they do it on a massive scale, meeting Apple’s high expectations with high performance to deliver a huge variety of entertainment in over 35 languages to more than 150 countries. These engineers build secure, end to end solutions. They develop the custom software used to process all the creative work, the tools that providers use to deliver that media, all the server side systems, and the APIs for many Apple services. Thanks to Apple’s outstanding integration of hardware, software, and services, engineers here partner to get behind a single unified vision. That vision always includes a deep dedication to strengthening Apple’s privacy policy, one of Apple’s core values. Although services are a bigger part of Apple’s business than ever before, these teams remain small, flexible, and multi functional, offering greater exposure to the array of opportunities here. Key Qualifications At least 1 to 5+ years of Java programming experience. New college grads ok. Object oriented programming Hands on software engineering experience, particularly with Java and Service Oriented Architectures Excellent interpersonal skills Curiosity Willing to take ownership and set direction, especially in gray areas The attitude that technical debt as an opportunity for better engineering Strong sense of responsibility Knowledge of databases both SQL and NoSQL and entity relationship modeling Experience programming for eventual consistency Experience working in a large code base Experience/knowledge working on highly scalable applications and RESTful web services Familiarity with scalability and performance issues Excellent judgment and integrity with the ability to make timely and sound decisions Description Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The Apple Media Products Commerce group is looking for an outstanding individual to join our platform engineering team. The Commerce team provides the transactional engine for App Store, Apple Music, Apple Music, iBookStore, Mac App Store, Apple TV and more. Our platform is the highest volume digital content store in the world, serving billions of transactions daily in 129 countries. You’ll build services and application components, shared across applications, to support very high levels of transactional integrity, scalability, availability, fault tolerance, and security. You will also contribute to the architecture, design and implementation of top level user visible features, with an emphasis on identifying components that can be reused across different scenarios and domains. The position requires someone comfortable with all aspects of the software design lifecycle and experienced with high performance distributed systems. We partner with a variety of cross and multi functional team members from a diverse array of groups across the company. Do you thrive in a dynamic cross functional environment and are you able to pivot with constantly evolving requirements and new technologies? Then you’ll love it here. You will work on features that touch all Apple Media Products Commerce services — from account management, application, music, and video purchase/download/entitlement, subscription management, and a lot of new features coming to the Apple product ecosystem. You will perform analysis, derive strategies, and write code to ensure that the stores financial transactions maintain key characteristics: ACID integrity, scalability, availability, fault tolerance, and security. You will identify opportunities for software reuse across problem domains, design and code components/libraries/frameworks to support that reuse, and refactor code to achieve higher levels of leverage in the codebase. Using 3rd party and hand rolled solutions, you will build infrastructure for caching, messaging, and workflow management, that will be used by other teams in the Commerce group. Education & Experience BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience. MS preferred. Business Unit: ABOUT THE OPPORTUNITY: FreeWheel is hiring a New York based Software Engineer. FreeWheel helps the television industry generate revenue from their premium content through a robust technology platform, which enables consumers to watch entertainment on any devices from PC, mobile, set top box to traditional TV. FreeWheel New York Engineering Team is part of our global engineering team who are building advanced and high quality applications, servers and tools to manage million dollar orders, handle billions of daily requests and process tera bytes of raw daily data. RESPONSIBILITIES: Build implementation code, test and peer code review with Go programming language Experience with React is a plusAnalyze product spec, write and review technical specs for backend server application Interface with global engineering, product and operation teams in US/EU/China to incorporate their innovations and vice versa Improve performance, availability and scalability of our systems and services ABOUT YOU: 3+ years experience of developing and debugging server application or web service with some or all of Python, Go, C and C++1+ year experience with Go is highly preferred, but ok if having solid C/C++/Python experience and happy to switch Experience with React/multi threading/TCP IP/HTTP/SQL/XML/Linux is highly preferredDemonstrated ability in handling mission critical, high performance Internet products with complex algorithms and featuresKnown for smart, logical thinking, interest and enthusiasm Detail oriented, flexible and can work well in a global team oriented environment Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer Ascend Learning is a national leader in data driven, online educational solutions for learners, educators and employers in high growth, licensure driven professions spanning healthcare, fitness and wellness, skilled trades, insurance and financial services. We are passionate about accelerating learning while impacting job readiness, employment success and employee retention with the belief that our work changes lives. Our culture is intentionally results driven and selfless with a relentless focus on our customers. We believe in trust, transparency, freedom and responsibility with a commitment to meritocracy, inclusion and diversity of thought. Continual investment in our over 1400 employees is also a core principal realized through ongoing professional development and providing opportunities to grow, develop and lead. Ascend Learning is headquartered in Burlington, MA with additional office locations and remote workers in cities across the US. and in the UK. Job Overview BoardVitals is the Leader in Online Medical and Healthcare Specialty Examinations and Continuing Education. BoardVitals helps practitioners prepare for licensing and initial certification exams, maintenance of certification (MOC) requirements, and continuing professional education, covering more than 60 specialty areas and exams. BoardVitals brings together the best content from major publishers, faculty at top teaching programs, and leading specialists to create the largest and most up to date training ecosystem in healthcare and has consistent strong double digit growth. The BoardVitals development team is currently six engineers and we’re looking to grow the team. This is a fast paced environment where each developer carries a significant amount of responsibility. The role is a mix of building new features while also helping us scale through a fast growth ramp. Sample projects in the past have included building out a computer adaptive testing engine, re architecting the foundational application experience, and building out elements of a learning management system. Developers at BoardVitals are highly involved in the decision making process. The role includes executing development tasks, contributing to architecture plans, and responding quickly to client needs. A successful candidate will have strong technical skills and the ability to interact with many different departments across the company. BoardVitals is built on Heroku, AWS, Ruby on Rails, PSQL, and React. At a minimum, the developer will be experienced in Ruby and a Javascript framework. Experience using Git/Github is a must have. Responsibilities Report directly to the Head of Engineering Working with a product owner to prioritize company needs Developing new features for institutional clients, nurses, doctors, and other healthcare professionals Building out learning management system/classroom functionality Maintaining an active testing suite as well as a strong QA process that the developer will be personally responsible for Managing and maintaining an active codebase Responding quickly to changes Contributing to 100% site uptime and proper backup and redundancy procedures Participating in usability, user testing, and feedback loops Requirements 3 5 Years of Development Experience 2 4 Years of Ruby on Rails Development Experience 1 2 Years of Javascript (preferably React) Experience Strong technical and interpersonal references A passion for education and healthcare are important. This company was founded to save lives and train better doctors, and we need someone who cares about what we do. Education/Experience Bachelor’s Degree Required, Master’s Preferred Ascend Learning, LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (M/F/Vets/Disabled). No agency or search firm submissions will be accepted. Applications for US. based positions with Ascend Learning, LLC must be legally authorized to work in the United States and verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. CBS BUSINESS UNIT: Simon & Schuster JOB TYPE: Full Time Staff JOB SCHEDULE: Full Time JOB LOCATION: New York, NY ABOUT US: Simon & Schuster, a division of ViacomCBS, is a global leader in the field of general interest publishing, dedicated to providing the best in fiction and nonfiction for consumers of all ages, across all printed, electronic, and audio formats. Its divisions include Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing, Simon & Schuster Children’s Publishing, Simon & Schuster Audio, Simon & Schuster Digital, and international companies in Australia, Canada, India and the United Kingdom. DESCRIPTION: Scrum/XP/Agile team in midtown Manhattan is looking for an experienced Rubyist or experienced Java/C#/Python developer interested in learning Ruby. We are an established, four developer Scrum/XP team. Our team contains experienced Rails developers who program, extensively test and deploy predictably on a weekly iteration cycle. We emphasize work/life balance, sustainable pace and collaborative feature development in a collegial environment. Work entails creating and maintaining Ruby on Rails websites and other consumer digital products for Simon & Schuster, a leading English Language trade publisher. Position reports directly to VP Technology for Simon & Schuster Digital. Simon & Schuster is a women run organization, an equal opportunity employer and a part of ViacomCBS Corporation. We mostly code in Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, CSS, HTML5 and test code using RSpec, Capybara. We work closely with our hosting provider so knowledge of Chef, Redis, MySQL, and NginX is a plus. Join a good team. Get a full time job with benefits. Help us figure out the future of trade publishing. Gain access to Simon & Schuster’s thousands of books through our employee physical and ebook programs. QUALIFICATIONS: 3 5 years professional experience working with Ruby on Rails or equivalent experience in object oriented languages such as Java, Python, C# or PHP and demonstrated willingness to learn Ruby. Interpersonal skills to collaborate closely with cross functional team and to communicate with executive sponsors. Experience with Agile Extreme Programming (XP) development and Scrum lifecycle practices, or a strong desire to learn including: agile product teams, test driven development, continuous integration, iterative delivery and retrospection. Ability to work on site in Midtown Manhattan. Good understanding of front end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3. Familiarity with concepts of MVC, Mocking, ORM, and RESTful. Experience implementing responsive designs using an existing frameworks or pure CSS. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git. A knack for writing clean, readable and maintainable Ruby code. Other Experience Experience with libraries such as Redis, Rspec, Mocha, Capybara. Experience with optimizing MySQL databases; NoSQL and/or PostgreSQL a plus. Experience with Resque or other background job frameworks. Familiarity with ONIX for Books to communicate book information in electronic form. Experience with data design and/or modeling. Ability to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system. Ability to implement automated testing platforms and unit tests. Familiarity with pair programming. FUNCTION: Software Engineering EEO Statement: ViacomCBS is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet. At ViacomCBS, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. ViacomCBS is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access wwwviacbs.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212846.5500 or by sending an email to viacomaccommodations@viacomcom. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned. The Company theMednet is a Y Combinator company that connects the world's leading cancer experts with the most innovative technology to share insights that improve cancer care. Our mission is to build the largest and most up to date knowledge base for medicine, so that physicians everywhere have the information they need to deliver the best possible care to their patients. theMednet was featured in Inc. Magazine as one of the companies changing the future of medicine. Job Description theMednet is seeking our first Full Stack Engineer. You’ll build software that is used directly by over 60% of doctors treating cancer patients to help them make better decisions. You’ll ship quick and be responsible for owning products end to end. The role is suited best for a product oriented engineer who is motivated by our mission to improve patient care. We’re a small team (Technical CEO, Chief Medical Officer, Sales and operations) and we all work closely with one another. You Driven by a mission to build something that will improve the lives of patients 2+ years experience and history of shipping product (at least 2 of those years at a funded startup) A high level thinker who likes to understand the business and user needs behind the technology they are building. Full stack engineer with strong data analysis skills Job Requirements Experience launching web applications across full stack Configuring and deploying infrastructure (Kubernetes , MYSQL, etc) on cloud services (AWS, GCP, Azure, etc.) Web Application development (Our stack is React, PHP, MySQL) Other experience preferred but not required Mobile Experience building social products Experience with or interest in learning ML toolkits Email us with a copy of your resume at jobs@themednetorg The Role: Senior Software Engineer The Location: New York, NY The Team: We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer with Java and Spring boot skills who will contribute and lead the application development of the product. Candidate should understand product vision and should be able to analyze requirements, design and implement enterprise level applications and follow agile methodology in a Scrum environment. Responsibilities: Analyze stories that have been written by Product Owner and perform an estimation of the complexity Setup a strategy to implement the stories. Build or Enhance features in respect to the stories with defensible coding strategies. Delivery with best quality. Provide support and maintenance. Collaborate effectively with technical and non technical stakeholders Follow agile best practices. Raise Concerns About Incomplete or Poor Requirements Attend all Scrum ceremonies Mentoring the junior developers Analyze and recommend solution design (Design Guidance) Ensure that team has an optimal breakdown of Tasks based off functionality or Make sure that code review tasks on all user stories are added and timely completed Ensures that scrum practices are followed and raise concern where you see an anomaly Ensures that team is following the Unit Testing. What We’re Looking For: A minimum of 7+ years of strong experience in application development. Proficient with software development lifecycle (SDLC) methodologies like Agile, Test driven development. Strong command in Java, Spring boot and Restful Services Experience working with AWS cloud. Good understanding of Design Principles & excellent communication skills Knowledge of system architecture, design patterns & ability to work in layered architecture: Presentation, Service, Business & Data. Experience working with Serverless, Elastic Search, Redis, NoSQL, Kubernetes Containers and Docker plus Nice to have JavaScript frameworks like React, HTML 5, CSS, XML/XSLT and JQuery Bachelor’s or master’s degree (or higher) in a relevant discipline, or equivalent work experience At S&P Global Platts, we provide the insights; you make better informed trading and business decisions with confidence. We’re the leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodities and energy markets. Customers in over 150 countries look to our expertise in news, pricing and analytics to deliver greater transparency and efficiency to markets. S&P Global Platts coverage includes oil and gas, power, petrochemicals, metals, agriculture and shipping. S&P Global Platts is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit wwwplatts.com. S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEOCompliance@spglobalcom and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://wwwdol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopostpdf describes discrimination protections under federal law. Mailchimp is a leading marketing platform for small business. We empower millions of customers around the world to build their brands and grow their companies with a suite of marketing automation, multichannel campaign, CRM, and analytics tools. Platform engineering is a new group at Mailchimp focused on maintaining and improving our core components, and we are looking for a Senior level engineer to help us do it. This team is focused on our internal job running tool, which is critical for our engineers and our feature development. You can expect to own the implementation of our technical roadmap, empower other engineers, and design best practices. You will collaborate with teams throughout the company and represent our group in cross departmental projects. At Mailchimp, we value learning, collaboration and clarity. You'll find success here if you enjoy writing code, but you're aware that your job isn't only about shipping: you are a welcoming contributor that knows how to communicate with your team in order to provide great software. You prefer using proven technologies to solve interesting new problems. You've broken production environments—and then buckled down, fixed them and maybe you held a blameless post mortem about it! What You'll Do: Build a deep appreciation for the needs our job runner solves and own the implementation of features to address those needs Communicate and collaborate with other engineering teams to facilitate their usage of the job runner into their products Empower team members by providing technical mentorship, documentation, and testing infrastructure Ensure quality by performing thorough testing and leveraging peer reviews for your work and the work of cross functional teams Embrace and demonstrate our values: humility, creativity, and independence We'd Love to hear from you if: You have experience driving technical projects, prioritizing work, identifying dependencies, facilitating technical decision and cross functional team discussions You're experienced in designing and implementing application architectures and code that are highly scalable, available, maintainable, and performant You are comfortable working with and improving upon legacy systems and code You have experience with cloud computing platforms, ideally Google Cloud Platform Significant coding experience in Go, PHP, Python, or other languages that can be demonstrated through a portfolio of code You can work independently while also putting an emphasis on mentorship of those around you You are passionate about building and delivering great features for customers Mailchimp is a founder owned and highly profitable company. Our purpose is to empower the underdog, and our mission is to democratize cutting edge marketing technology for small business. We love Brooklyn and are happy to have a small but growing office with sunlight and views in the heart of Brooklyn Heights. We're centrally located at Cadman Plaza/Borough Hall, a short walk to the Brooklyn Promenade and within a few blocks of 9 subway lines (2, 3, 4, 5, N, A, C, F and R lines). Curious to how hiring has shifted related to COVID 19? Click here to find out more! Mailchimp is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We don't discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Mobile Engineer Location: Work 100% REMOTE! Salary: Up to 130k base plus strong benefits (see below) Skills: iOS & Android, shipped apps We are a Series C startup which has raised over $50m to date. A great opportunity to work in AI products for the sports/fitness/health industry Top Reasons to Work with UsRapidly growing startup so lots of opportunityStrong benefits packageGreat time to join as we build a new and cutting edge architecture! What You Will Be DoingYou will be responsible for designing, coding, testing and implementing the next generation of our iOS and Android apps. Design, code, test and implement advanced features for our existing apps You will work within a cross functional & highly collaborative team including designers, product managers, data scientists, QA and other engineering professionalsArchitect robust and scalable solutionsWork through the full lifecycle from ideation to shipping the appIdentify and resolve performance issuesEnsure coding standards are followed What You Need for this Position BS in CS (or similar) 3+ years of INDUSTRY experience with mobile engineering Ideally multiple shipped apps at enterprise level Must have experience with both iOS and Android Ideally all the following: Swift, Objective C, Kotlin, Java and C++ What's In It for You Competitive base, 100% paid healthcare/dental/vision premiums for you (and 65% paid for your family), 401k, flexible/unlimited PTO policy, mobile phone reimbursement and more! So, if you are a Mobile Engineer with experience with iOS and Android, please apply today!Applicants must be authorized to work in the US. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Python Engineer We are looking for a candidate to join the firm’s development team. You will join a team that designs and develops applications used across our firm and will work hands on with other developers, QA, and DevOps teams. The team interacts with key stakeholders such as Portfolio Managers, Front/Middle/Back Office, and Risk Managers. Additional responsibilities will include application release management, configuration, testing; and production troubleshooting. Principal Responsibilities Design, build and refactor robust software applications with clean and concise code Partner with development team and customers to set priorities and provide solutions Migrate existing processes that allow direct database access to access Automation of system maintenance tasks, end of day processing jobs, data integrity checks and bulk data loads/extracts Participate in capacity planning and performance/throughput analysis Design and development of applications following Agile and continuous delivery practices Staying abreast of industry trends, new platforms and tools, and coming up with a business case to adopt new technologies Qualifications 4+ years of experience in software development 2+ years of experience in Python (analysis, application development, or system engineer) Strong knowledge of Unix or Linux Experience with writing and tuning SQL queries. Candidate should possess a strong fundamental understanding of relational databases Understanding of modern SDLC practices Strong communication and interpersonal skills. A desire to work in a collaborative environment Detail oriented – demonstrate thoroughness and strong ownership of your work Nice to have Hands on experience with front office, risk, trading, or middle office applications Experience or working knowledge of Agile Practice or TDD (test driven development) Experience with GIT and JIRA, Jenkins, Octopus Deploy Cloud technology knowledge Location: NYC Polygon Labs a brand new, interactive applications meets high end visual effects studio based in New York City .We have a number of live projects at the moment ranging from immersive broadcast graphics, to branding to interactive software development for large, global media companies and international enterprises . You will have an opportunity to work on projects both in the US as well as project abroad with possible travel from time to time. You will work along side other talented software developers and designer . Responsibilities Software development on Polygon Labs custom applications 3rd Party API integration Front end web development Interactive development Data base design Requirements C# .NET Javascript, HTML5 and CSS3 Experience with Oracle, MySQL or MS SQL Server experience with REST and SOAP API integration Position Full time Full benefits Lastest Hardware and Software will be provided Training on company tools and software will be provided To Apply, email us at: admin@polygonlabsus WHO WE ARE Braze delivers customer experiences across email, mobile, SMS, and web. Customers, including Seamless, HBO, Disney, Urban Outfitters, and Venmo, use the Braze platform to facilitate real time experiences between brands and consumers in a more authentic and human way. And we do it at scale – each month, tens of billions of messages are sent to a network of over 2 billion active users through Braze. Need more proof? Braze was named a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Mobile Marketing Platforms in 2019. The company has also been named on the Forbes Cloud 100, Inc. Magazine’s 2019 Best Places to Work, and Crain's 2019 Best Places to Work in NYC lists. WHAT YOU’LL DO We're looking for a Senior Engineer for our Data Infrastructure team. The Data Infrastructure (DI) team builds and maintains a robust Kafka based event pipeline streaming tens of billions of messages daily that our customers leverage to analyze user behavior in near real time. You will help us architect, build, and optimize new, massively scaled data processing solutions storing petabytes of event data in Snowflake, as well as in various cloud storage destinations like Amazon S3 and web analytics platforms like Amplitude! WHO YOU ARE 6+ years of relevant experience with a strong track record of success Have strong and good opinions about how code should be written, as well as good development practices Experience with Java and some data pipeline job processing or message queuing system, like Kakfa, SQS, or RabbitMQ, etc, for the core work Excellent communication skills and a user centric attitude Calm, patient, considerate, compassionate, supportive, and encouraging Strong organizational skills and ability to keep track of multiple streams of work at once Experience with agile processes and tools such as JIRA Beneficial experiences: Kafka Connect, Kafka Streams, Ruby, Python, Redis, Snowflake, Kubernetes, Docker, Postgres WHAT WE OFFER Competitive compensation that includes equity Flexible time off policy to balance your work and life, including paid parental leave Free daily lunch in the office, including snacks and beverages Competitive medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents Collaborative, transparent, and fun loving office culture If you are a California resident subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act, click here to understand how Braze processes your personal information and how you can exercise your rights. Better is redefining homeownership and making it simpler, faster—and most importantly—more accessible for everyone. We leverage technology and expertise to find ways that we can make the homebuying journey more approachable and understandable. Right now we’re funding over $2 billion in home loans per month We’ve funded over $14 billion in loans and $35 billion in insurance We ranked #1 in the US. on LinkedIn's Top Startups 2020 We ranked #11 on Fortune’s Best Places to Work in Financial Services 2020 Our Founder and CEO was named in Comparably's Top 25 CEOs for Diversity We were listed to Forbes’ FinTech 50 2020 And #15 on the 2020 CNBC Disruptor 50 We’ve secured over $254 million from our investors to date Our company is made up of driven, passionate people who bring their unique backgrounds and perspectives to everything we do and we are committed to fostering diversity, multiculturalism, and inclusion. We see the perspectives that each person brings and a diverse workforce as essential for individual and collective success. We believe it’s important to foster a company culture that encourages curiosity and passion—from employee resource groups and learning opportunities to team outings and community outreach. A Better opportunity: Help us hack a thirteen trillion dollar industry by building a product that will allow more people than ever before to own a home and build wealth rather than rent for life. Our tech team is small but growing, and you will be a big part of defining the technical direction and culture! We encourage proposals for projects off the beaten path, experimentation with different frameworks and libraries, and doing as you see fit to solve problems! Basic Qualifications: 5+ years of experience in coding in at least one modern lang such as Python, Java, Scala, Nodejs 3+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design of new and existing systems (architecture, design patterns, reliability, and scaling) Experience in building complex production software systems Preferred Qualifications: Demonstrated ability to mentor and develop other team members including junior software engineers Experience defining system architecture(s) and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs and capabilities Startup mindset, ownership, and a proper balance of quality and sense of urgency! The Better mission is rooted in values that drive us. We do what’s in the best interest of the consumer, not ourselves We have growth mindsets, not fixed ones We believe that success lies in execution, not credentials We act like owners, not just employees We work to find answers on our own, not wait for them to be given to us We optimize for mission, not ego Our mission speaks for itself—we continue to outpace the industry at every turn. We’ve recently joined forces in partnership with Ally Bank, and our backers have helped build some of the most transformative tech and finance companies in history. Kleiner Perkins, Goldman Sachs, American Express, Citigroup, Activant Capital, Ally Bank, and others have invested in our vision for what homeownership can be. Better is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion or religious creed, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, marital status, family or parental status, disability, military or veteran status, age, or any other basis protected by law. All employment decisions at Better are based on a person’s merit, business needs, and role requirements. Depending on your location, the California Consumer Privacy Act or other laws may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. For further information on how we collect data of job applicants, please click here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. New York, NY / Full time Lead a team of engineers, both technically and as a people manager, to deliver value to community health organizations across the country. Relevant's mission is to support healthcare non profits like community health centers and health homes in their drive to improve patient health. We do this by providing smart, friendly analytics software, along with hands on support and consulting to help health centers tackle all kinds of data challenges. We're looking to hire a lead engineer to help focus our efforts and scale the team through a combination of people management skill, technical experience, and software architecture design. If you have a track record of these skills, are excited about our mission of improving health outcomes for underserved patients, and are passionate about building great software, we'd love to talk to you. Responsibilities Engineering management: it's very important to us that working at Relevant be a great long term career decision for our engineers. As manager of a team of engineers, work to ensure their personal development goals are aligned with the needs of the company, and that each engineer is empowered to accomplish their goals. Software development process: engineering is a delicate balance, full of ambiguity. Is this change a hacky fix or an overengineered mess? Was that code review comment bikeshedding or too lenient? Apply your experience to navigate these extremes, modeling exemplary behavior for the team, and keeping us focused on delivering value to our users. Technical design: scaling our engineering team effectively means designing and implementing the right systems for us to leverage each engineer's abilities. Contribute to our architecture by identifying opportunities for large scale improvements, provide the insights we need to design them, and drive development on them. Preferred qualifications 4+ years technical experience: we're proud of the team we've built of mostly junior engineers, but this role is centered around coaching and mentorship. We’re looking for someone who has professional experience working on at least one large code base, over the course of several years, with more than half a dozen collaborators. Strong leadership skills: in this role, you'll be asking engineers to entrust you with their careers, so you'll need the skills to give them a good reason to say yes. Know how to inspire trust in your reports, create a safe space for them to grow professionally, articulate their needs to management, and frequently share candid feedback with them. Web development expertise: our stack is React, Rails, and Postgres. If you're familiar with them already, that's a plus. But we’re looking for mastery of some web development stack, whether it's an Angular frontend powered by Expressjs and MongoDB, an Ember frontend powered by Spring and MySQL, or something else. A desire to make healthcare better, with a focus on equity and social justice. We’re not the kind of startup chasing hyper growth. We’re building tools used by safety net organizations that are fighting health disparities, and are looking for candidates who find this focus compelling. Thrive in collaboration: we're a tight knit team of people who care deeply about our users and each other. We're looking for a teammate who will thrive in this collaborative environment and contribute to our continued, collective growth. Working at Relevant Join a small team of people (currently, there are 27 of us) who love what we do and continually strive to delight our customers. Help us build a company culture that's friendly, respectful, and encourages continual learning. Competitive salary, excellent benefits (we pay 100% of employee healthcare premiums), 401(k) with employer contribution, generous vacation policy, and a general emphasis on happiness and sanity. When we're not experiencing a pandemic, our office space in downtown Manhattan is provided by WeWork, with the attendant nice amenities: social spaces, lots of natural light, reasonably good coffee and espresso. Here's the common area: How to Apply Send an email to jobs@relevanthealthcare with the subject line "Lead Engineer." When responding, include a resume and a note in the body of the email explaining your interest in the position. Please also include the phrase "gentle bulldog scaffold" in your note, so that we know you read this. We're committed to building a diverse company. Applicants who identify with groups that are under represented in the technology industry are strongly encouraged to apply. At Tecton, we are building a new kind of AI infrastructure that is transforming the way companies solve real world problems with machine learning at scale. Our founding team created Uber's Michelangelo ML Platform, which has become the blueprint for modern ML platforms in large organizations. We are well funded by top tier VCs, have paying enterprise customers, and have excellent engineering teams in SF and NYC. We have years of experience building and operating business critical machine learning systems at scale at places like Uber, Google, Facebook, Quora, and AdRoll. As an early member of Tecton's engineering team, you will play a critical role in designing, building, and scaling our platform. You will leverage your deep experience with data science, applied machine learning, and software engineering to design and build key capabilities of our platform. We are looking for exceptional engineers who are driven to find simple solutions to complex problems and who are excited to stretch themselves as part of a growing team at the intersection of systems, data, and machine learning. Bonus points if you have experience with any of the following: distributed systems, batch data processing, stream processing, database internals, query optimizers, query processing, data integration, recommender systems, information theory, or knowledge graphs. 114 5th Ave (22114), United States of America, New York, New York Senior Software Engineer Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies to join our team. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Learn more about #lifeatcapitalone and our commitment to diversity & inclusion by jumping to slides 76 91 on our Corporate Social Responsibility Report. What You’ll Do: Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full stack development tools and technologies Work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment Work with cloud native stack, build on AWS, use technologies like Kubernetes and Serverless Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree At least 4 years of experience in software engineering Preferred Qualifications: Master's Degree 2+ years of experience in Agile practices 1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure, or another public cloud service 4+ years of experience in at least one of the following: Java, Scala, Python, Go, Javascript/TypeScript, Angular/Reactjs, or Nodejs 2+ years of experience working with big data technologies (eg. Hadoop, Spark, Presto) 2+ years of experience working on streaming data applications (eg. Kafka, Kinesis, Flink, or Spark Streaming) 4+ years of experience in open source frameworks At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position. Technology is integral to virtually everything the D. E. Shaw group does, which is why we seek exceptional software developers with a range of quantitative and programming abilities. Members of our technical staff collaborate on challenging problems that directly impact the firm’s continued success, utilizing their excellent analytical, mathematical, and software design skills as well as some of the most advanced computing resources in the world. Serve as the bridge between our Cloud Operations and our Cloud platforms and Delivery teamsExperience in systems software development (java go, python, bash, etc.)Knowledge of Terraform is a must to haveDeep experience with AWSKnowledge with SQL and noSQL database administrationExperience managing services in AWSJob Type: ContractSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:AWS Cloud and IT: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Application Question:Are you okay to work under W2 ?Contract Length:5 6 monthsContract Renewal:LikelyWork Location:Fully RemoteVisa Sponsorship Potentially Available:No: Not providing sponsorship for this jobWork Remotely:Yes, always Revature will hire over 300 new Software Developers in the next 4 weeks. As the largest employer of emerging tech talent, we are looking for candidates all around the US. One day someone is going to ask you where you got your start…This is IT! With a wide range of Fortune 500 enterprises, government organizations and top systems integrators as our clients, we not only provide you with the skills needed to succeed through an employer paid training program but will also give you the opportunity to put those skills to use, on projects that matter. What We Are Looking For College degree (Associates or Bachelors) Must be authorized to work in the US Strong desire to learn to code – No prior professional experience required. A natural problem solver Strong communication and interpersonal skills Willing to relocate anywhere in the US – Relocation assistance provided What We Offer Competitive salary Relocation & housing assistance Health, vision & dental insurance Paid time off Industry Certifications Life Insurance Policy 401k Mentoring program and ongoing support throughout your entire Revature career Experience with the largest and most reputable companies in the US Apply Today. Interviews are going on now. #SoftwareEngineering Equal Employment Opportunity The Company is an equal opportunity employer. We will extend equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, religion, color, sex, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, marital status, veteran status, or any other status protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, benefits, compensation and training. If you require an accommodation to work based on any of these protected factors, please notify the Human Resources Department, and the Company will evaluate the request and provide an accommodation in accordance with applicable law. We seek to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws related to discrimination and will not tolerate the interference with the ability of any of the Company’s employees to perform their job duties. Our policy reflects and affirms the Company’s commitment to the principles of fair employment and the elimination of all discriminatory practices. Software Engineer, Fixed Income We are looking for a senior developer who will enhance and maintain our current clearing and settlement platform and help build the new framework for Fixed Income trade processing. You will also be responsible for new development and integration with various 3rd party vendor software (Murex, Kinetix, Shadow Financial). To be successful you will need to understand the Fixed Income business and all aspects of transaction processing booking, life cycle, confirmation, clearing and reporting for credit, FX, and interest rate derivatives. Principal Responsibilities Design and build new transactional systems framework Development, deployment, and support of applications (Java, C#, Angular, python) Hands on maintenance and support of current transactional systems Enhancement and support of trade processing platform (Murex, Kinetix, Shadow Financial) Monitoring and support for intra day and EOD jobs and platform performance Qualifications/Skills Required At least 7 years of experience in software development, a significant portion of which should have been obtained in the Financial industry Strong programming experience in Java and Angular (python and C# is a plus) Experience integrating various trading systems using message based (MQ) or streaming architecture (Kafka) Strong experience in the design and development of relational database management systems (Sybase, Oracle, SQL server) Experience in managing projects and knowledge of fixed income products and trade processing (eg., trade entry, position management, valuation, pricing, settlement and clearing, etc.) Strong leadership skills to execute effectively on project deliverables and lead the development effort Strong communication skills to communicate effectively and to face off against various stakeholders (FO, MO, BO, Risk, Accounting) Experience working with Shadow Financial and ShadowSuite is a major plus Experience working with OpenFin or Glue42 is a plus Experience with development using AWS or Google cloud is a plus Our team: We deliver the world's most reliable, timely and accurate financial data. We are engineers who write high performance, well factored, scalable and testable code that can mold quickly to new business initiatives. More than 4,500 developers rely on us to provide the core foundation and data required for their applications. Our systems are low latency, fault tolerant and scalable. We use hundreds of servers to handle over 100 billion items of data each day. Bloomberg’s Ticker Plant provides collection, storage, query and distribution of market data from stock and commodity exchanges around the world. We also develop the applications and databases that let us dynamically configure the system. We work closely with business and sales teams to develop our systems and to be prepared for evolving customer requirements. Our work environment is fast paced, spirited, friendly and collaborative. On our team, you will learn about the financial markets and Bloomberg's real time pricing applications while keeping up to date with the latest trends in technology. What you will gain and what our colleagues appreciate about this role: We work with high caliber individuals and experienced teams of engineers and management We understand, redesign and enhance fault tolerant systems that run on clusters of hundreds of servers We attend regular technical presentations by world renowned distinguished speakers Other engineers are our customers and our users are also highly technical people We attend training courses, both technical and financial, on a regular basis We'll trust you to: Be able to pick up C++ using the numerous resources and training tools we will provide Take responsibility for the full SDLC, from understanding the needs of the business to coding, deployment and maintenance Understand that our work is highly visible, which makes our teams highly accountable Design robust, maintainable, high performance code with unit tests in a Linux/UNIX environment You'll need to have: BA, BS, MS, PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or related technology field The ability to use abstractions 3+ years experience of low level programming in any object oriented language Experience with object oriented programming The ability to manage and aggressively push projects We'd love to see: Linux/UNIX experience Familiarity with high volume, high availability distributed systems Knowledge of operating system fundamentals Familiarity with design patterns Knowledge of financial markets Experience with Python Bloomberg is an equal opportunities employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Company Description Our team enables Twitter to ship features and experiments faster with less effort. We aim to provide simple, repeatable, uniform building blocks for product development at Twitter scale. The Strato team provides a platform for serving data at Twitter scale, a programming language used to compose data from different sources across the company, APIs that power the Twitter application on your phone, and systems for processing streaming events. Watch Jake talk about our Strato system Read the whitepaper about StratoQL, the language we created and maintain Watch Mike's talk about Strato at Scale by the Bay You can also read about how we power the GraphQL API at Twitter in this article Check out our SRE, Brian, talking about hiring great SREs at SRECon Or read Runhang’s paper about extending OCaml's syntax Do you want to work with these folks? Do you want to speak at a conference about all of the awesome work you and your team do? This is your chance! Job Description You'll work closely with teammates to deliver cool high scale infrastructure and product features. You'll partner with your teammates and teams around the company to identify problems and build solutions that benefit all of Twitter's engineers. You'll work on large scale product platforms, and help your colleagues ship their projects faster and more easily using the tools you built. You will be working mostly in Scala and services running on the JVM. We also make use of Javascript, Python, and Bash. If you have experience with them, awesome! If you aren't familiar with these languages but would like to learn, come apply! You will work on a project that powers one of the most impactful products on earth! Qualifications We'd like to see Experience with designing and building backend systems Proven expertise with software engineering standard methodologies for iterative development, testing, code reuse, etc A focus on your customers. We build infrastructure for other engineers. We're looking for someone who is willing and able to help them ship their projects. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Senior Software Engineer (Full Stack)We are a small growing team looking to rebuild and improve both our front end and back end applications in the Mortgage/Loan space. We’ll be happy to welcome someone who is passionate about Software Engineering, Clean Code and writing scalable software. Most importantly – someone who likes continuous learning and sharing their knowledgeRequirements1. Experience with Front end framework/library such as (Angular/Reactjs/Vue).2. Experience with C# .NET Core3. Knowledge of Software Engineering principles such as SOLID, DRY, KISS principles4. Experience working with web API REST services5. Experience with RDBMS like MS SQL and creating stored procedures6. Understanding of Dependency Injection and TDD7. Experience conducting code reviews and mentoring junior team membersNice to have1. Azure DevOps CI/CD pipeline2. Azure functions with orchestration3. Reactjs experience with ReduxJob Type: Full timePay: $80,00000 $120,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:software development: 3 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:No: Not providing sponsorship for this jobCompany's website:https://wwwfmm.com/Company's Facebook page:https://wwwfacebook.com/fmhomeloansBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:Yes, always SoHo Dragon represents an investment bank with offices in Midtown Manhattan. Our client needs to hire a Java Developer. The Developer will be working as a Senior Developer Resource on XVA Desk project. Interview will be Phone Screen followed by possible WebEx or Face to Face onsite interview Duties: 1. Hands on Senior Java Developer with over 6 years of enterprise development experience. 2. As a senior developer on the project, the consultant will be responsible to maintenance of XVA Pricing Tools and communicate with Strats and XVA traders. 3. Perform SDLC oversight for a project being developed by multiple teams. 4. Conduct Code Reviews and Document Changes necessary to support business. Skills: 1. Experience Java Developer (JDK 8 or 11) 2. Apache Camel (Version 2 and 3) 3. REST API (including Enterprise Authentication and Authentication) 4. Enterprise services (including monitoring, state management) 5. Spring (including Spring Boot and Spring Boot Actuator) 6. JMS 7. MS SQL Server 8. Plus: Experience with Capital Markets and understanding how Derivatives instruments are valued. 9. Plus: Murex Pricing API 10. Plus: Python. About the OpportunityRiskVal Financial Solutions LLC is currently seeking a full time Junior Quantitative developer for our office in Midtown Manhattan. Ideal candidates will have strong C++, Java, and Math/Statistics backgrounds, proactive attitudes, and good problem solving skills. Candidates will work with a group of quantitative developers, as well as in house developers, to provide products and services to our financial clients worldwide. If you are looking to gain professional experience, improve your own set of skills, work in a team environment, and enjoy talking to people, this position is perfect for youTo apply, please only use the following link only wwwriskval.com/junior quantitative developerA typical day will include: Research, implement, and maintain quantitative models, conduct design & development of the algorithms for different trading strategies, and perform the numerical error analysisRequirements:Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in CS/CE/Math/Statistics or closely related field from a competitive schoolSolid background in Math, Statistics and Programming and ability to implement analytics into programsA passion for coding along with the technical ability to implement quicklyProficiency in C++/Java (Required)Excellent communication skills and learning aptitudeTo apply, please only use the following link https://wwwriskval.com/junior quantitative developerRiskVal Financial Solution will not consider any inquiries from staffing and recruiting agencies. Please do not contact RiskVal regarding job listingsJob Type: Full timeBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offRetirement planSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:One locationCompany's website:wwwriskval.comBenefit Conditions:Only full time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID 19COVID 19 Precaution(s):Remote interview process A highly motivated software developer (entry level or more senior) is sought to work on development of a C++ Real Time Linux based software system, known as RTXI (wwwrtxi.org), used for controlling biological experiments. The developer will work collaboratively with scientists in the lab to design stable software that streamlines data acquisition and analysis. The developer will serve as the technical lead for RTXI and be responsible for UI and modules software development, on site and off site troubleshooting, and other job related duties as required to continue development and user adoptability of RTXI. The developer will also contribute to Python based tools for processing and analyzing data from RTXI. *** Interested candidates should email (using Subject line: "last name, first name: Applicant for RTXI software developer position") the following, as a single bundled PDF: (1) cover letter that includes a brief description of software development experience; (2) resume; and (3) names and email addresses of three references to siyuwei@downstateedu *** Qualifications: REQUIRED: BS. / MS. in engineering, computer science or related field with substantial programming experience. OR PhD. in engineering with significant experience / interest in programming. Experience programming in C++ and Python. Development experience in the Linux environment. Excellent communication skills, ability to work independently and in teams, and a self starter. Previous experience with real time or embedded systems. Strong organizational and communication skills. PREFERRED: Previous experience with real time or embedded systems, Qt framework, kernel module development, scientific computing, and numerical methodsExperience in biological experiments. Company Introduction OneSource Regulatory Technology hosts a number of innovative solutions to enhance job performance in the Pharmaceutical space. OSR Technology is looking for an experienced and dedicated front end developer to join our product solutions team! Job Description The right candidate should have 3 to 5 years of relevant work experience as a web developer, UI developer, JavaScript expert or front end engineer either in commercial projects or open source projects. Have both technical proficiency and a keen eye for design and UI/UX. You are an exceptional problem solver with great communication skills and are able to optimize our application in terms of technology and in delivering the best user experience. Your responsibilities will include translating design wireframes into the code that will produce visual elements of the application. At all times, you will be working closely with the existing team and taking an active role in defining how the application looks, as well as how it functions. Ideally, you should be able to demonstrate hands on experience in using current trends and best practices in front end architecture, including performance optimization, accessibility, and usability. The right candidate must be self driven, conscientious, and have a strong commitment to creating innovations through high quality work. He/She should enjoy the challenge of taking part in complex technical projects and delivering iterative solutions that provide value at each step of the way! Responsibilities In general, you’ll work closely with our existing product management and development team to create elegant, usable, responsive and interactive interfaces across multiple devices. To achieve this, you must be able to: Maintain, troubleshoot and improve current solutions/functionality Design and create new solutions based on requirements provided Develop new user facing features when needed Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability Design mobile based features Collaborate with other team members and back end developers to improve usability Write functional requirement documents and guides Turn UI/UX designs into prototypes, creating excellent interactions from designs Help back end developers with coding and troubleshooting Ensure high quality graphic standards and brand consistency Stay up to date on emerging technologies Skills and Qualifications Proven work experience as a Front end developer Hands on and solid experience with the following: HTML, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, CSS, jQuery Experience using source code control, in particular GIT/GitHub Experience with REST style APIs A solid understanding of layout aesthetics A solid understanding of cross browser testing, compatibility issues, and debugging Significant experience debugging web apps using JavaScript based tools such as Chrome Developer Tools In depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) Good knowledge and practical experience of client side build/config management Familiarity with software like Adobe Suite, Photoshop and content management systems An ability to perform well in a fast paced environment with excellent analytical and multitasking skills BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field Preferred/Bonus Skills Understanding the usage of asynchronous programming concepts in JavaScript (ie.: async, await, Promise, etc.) Any basic to advanced experience with any of the following: Python, Nodejs, C#, NET, SQL, MongoDB, ElasticSearch, Puppeteer, Google Cloud Functions, Google App Engine Experience developing automated test suite for web applications using any tools (ie.: Selenium, SauceLabs, Puppeteer, etc.) Knowledge of Search Engine Optimization techniques Backend engineers at viagogo work on a variety of teams that are responsible for building the software and infrastructure that powers a user's journey from thinking about going to an event to having the time of their life in front row seats! Success in this role requires a passion for both technology and using it to solve business challenges. Some of the challenges our engineers work on include: ingesting and categorizing millions of events across the globe, automated advertising to user's all over the world, processing payments in almost every currency and payment method, integrating with local and global delivery services to get tickets from sellers to buyers. We've found that these areas pose really interesting challenges when done at scale! The only way to gain experience is by having tried and failed multiple times, so we'll expect you to have plenty of war stories to share with us about the times when it didn't work out quite as planned, and what you learned. We like teammates who know the pros and cons of the approaches to problem solving and tools they use. About You: Consistently been drawn to larger projects or more difficult engineering challenges with increasing amounts of risk/load/complexity/autonomy (or similar dimensions). Likely are a specialist in one or more areas but we like to talk to generalists too. Will be working alongside individuals who have extreme depth in areas like SQL Server performance, ASP MVC and Web API, or performant C# code – As a senior backend engineer you'll be expected to work on problems at every stage of the agile life cycle from understanding the business challenge to implementing and maintaining production systems. You might: Add resilience (circuit breakers, bulk head isolation, etc) to a pipeline of data through several .NET 47.2 and .NET Core micro services which produces millions of requests to Google, Microsoft and Facebook APIs every day Design and implement a strategy for moving an architecture of Windows Services running on dedicated servers to a horizontally scalable, Microsoft Azure based, architecture Design an architecture (application level and data storage level) for supporting analytical queries over a large dataset (TBs) and operational queries over a minimal subset of the data Our Tech: Our website and mobile applications currently serve millions of fans in over 160 countries, 50 languages, and supports almost every currency. Behind this, our distributed platform consists of several applications that communicate with each other via message brokers (like Azure EventHubs and RabbitMQ) and RESTful APIs. viagogo predominantly utilizes Microsoft technologies, such as Windows, .NET, C# and IIS. However, we’re not afraid to use the right tool for the job. We use RabbitMQ for some of our internal pub/sub messaging, Redis for local caching, and gRPC for high performance out of process calls. Our distributed platform consists of several applications that communicate with each other via message brokers (RabbitMQ/Azure EventHubs/SQL Service Broker) and RESTful APIs. Our backend applications are .NET Core. At the database layer, we deploy a high availability configuration using availability groups. These support everything from high volume transactions to decision support/telemetry analytics. We're increasingly taking advantage of the Azure cloud to enable hybrid or cloud only scenarios that support our global growth, and ability to quickly respond to surges in demand. viagogo is the leading global marketplace for music, sports, and entertainment tickets. We have finalized a deal to acquire StubHub and look forward to continuing our market leadership. Despite our rapid growth while revolutionizing a 100 billion dollar industry, we maintain our start up ethos and data driven, collaborative culture. We believe that small, cross functional teams can achieve extraordinary results. Fans from nearly every country in the world can find millions of tickets to their favorite events in the language, currency, and with the device of their choice. We provide the widest possible choice of tickets to events around the world and help ticket sellers reach a global audience. viagogo has partnered with many of the world’s leading brands in sports and entertainment while helping fans access unforgettable experiences. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity on our team. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. New York, New York United States | Posted 09/30/20 Overview Here are the details: Title: Python Engineer Location: New York, NY Duration: 12 month contract Job Description: The top 3 MUST HAVE requirements of the position (years exp, technical, etc.) Masters Degree in Financial Engineering or similar field (math, physics, computer sci, etc) Python Coding Experience. Understanding of Derivatives(swaps, forwards, futures, etc), pricing models, and risk(stress, var) Regards, Viduth | Direct : +1 248 313 4594 | Email: ViduthSelvan@technosoftcorpcom | wwwtechnosoftcorp.com | Responsible for developing, enhancing, modifying and/or maintaining applications in the Global Markets environment. Software developers design, code, test, debug and document programs as well as support activities for the corporate systems architecture. Employees work closely with business partners in defining requirements for system applications. Employees are expected to have in depth capital markets product knowledge, and manage a high level of risk. Employees typically have in depth knowledge of development tools and languages. Is clearly recognized as a content expert by peers. Individual contributor role. Typically requires 5 7 years of applicable experience. This job code is only to be used for associates supporting Global Markets. JOB DESCRIPTION Machine Learning Engineer Responsibilities Design and develop scalable ML/AI solutions to solve diverse business challenges by deriving features from rich data sources, training, evaluating and deploying models to production using cutting edge technologies Gather and analyze data to perform statistical analysis, identify key factors and build comprehensive visualizations to report findings Utilize statistical methods to process, clean and validate data for uniformity and accuracy Create and maintain end to end data pipelines and APIs according to business requirements Communicate analytic solutions to stakeholders and implement improvements as needed to operational systems Requirements 5+ years in a data science role with proven record of implementing end to end ML/AI solutions into production 5+ years of experience using statistical computer languages, such as R or Python (preferred) 2+ years of experience working with large data sets (> 1TB) and using big data solutions such as Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Storm, MongoDB etc. 1+ year of experience specifically with deep learning (eg., CNN, RNN, LSTM) and NLP frameworks Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, etc. and their real world advantages/drawbacks Rigorous understanding of statistics and ability to discern appropriate statistical techniques to problem solve Proficiency with writing SQL queries Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, applied mathematics, or related technical/scientific field preferred Experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau, is a plus Prior work experience in the financial industry is a plus Bank of America's Global Banking and Markets Technology Organization.... Believes diversity makes us stronger so we can reflect, connect and meet the diverse needs of our clients and employees around the world. Is committed to building a workplace where every employee is welcomed and given the support and resources to perform their jobs successfully. Wants to be a great place for people to work and strives to create an environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. Provides continuous training and development opportunities to help employees achieve their career goals, whatever their background or experience. Is committed to advancing our tools, technology, and ways of working to better serve our clients and their evolving business needs. Believes in responsible growth and is dedicated to supporting our communities by connecting them to the lending, investing and giving them what they need to remain vibrant and vital. Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 2+ years of non internship professional software development experienceProgramming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systemsComputer Science fundamentals in object oriented design, data structures, and algorithmsExperience developing distributed systems in a service oriented architectureExceptional problem solving and communication skillsBachelors degree in Computer Science or related field Do you want to work on Video Advertising platforms developing products that delight your customers? Sounds great. Tell me more. Video advertising is a complex, multi sided market with many technologies at play within the industry. The industry is rapidly growing and evolving as viewers are shifting from traditional TV viewing to Over the Top (OTT) and publishers are increasingly adding video content to their online experiences. Amazon’s video advertising program is a rising competitor in this industry. Amazon’s service has differentiated assets in our customer & audience insights, exclusive video content, and associated inventory that position us well as an end to end service for advertisers and agencies. We are innovating at the intersection of advertising, e commerce, and entertainment. We are looking for engineers who enjoy thinking big and diving deep, who thrive on solving tough problems with elegant solutions, who aren't afraid to jump into new technologies when the old ones don't work. If you are looking for the next challenge in your career, this is it. As a full stack engineer on the Video Demand team, you will work at all levels in the ad stack. You will design and build low latency, highly available video advertising services. You will build simple and elegant advertiser and publisher facing features, and implement the complex data systems behind them. Your services will span the internet from browser to back end to big data. The successful candidate is expected to contribute to all parts of the software development and deployment lifecycle, including design, development, documentation, testing and operations. They must possess strong verbal and written communication skills, be self driven and deliver high quality results in a fast paced environment. They need to really enjoy working closely with their peers in a group of talented engineers. We are looking for someone customer obsessed with a passion for advertising. Video Demand is part of Amazon Advertising. Amazon Advertising has a top tier culture, with talented engineers who take great pride in both the technical and business contribution of their work. As part of Amazon Advertising you will have significant impacts on Amazon's business, advertisers, and customers. Experience in core web technologies such as HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, and AJAXKnowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operationsAbility to grasp design and navigate within code base of sophisticated software systems not directly owned by your teamExperience taking a leading role in building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customersExperience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs, and product strategyExperience mentoring junior software engineers to improve their skills, and make them more effective, product software engineersExperience influencing software engineers best practices within your teamMasters degree in Computer Science or related fieldExperience with Advertising, and Video Advertising in particular. Amazoncom is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation Excellent programming skills in C++ and Python Very comfortable with Object Oriented concepts Knowledge of various database and datastores is a must (SQL, NoSQL) Knowledge of markets is a plus Being comfortable working as part of a team CLEAR helps create safer, easier experiences everywhere you go. We believe you are you and by using your biometrics – your eyes, face, and fingerprints – we keep you moving. Imagine a world where you can do virtually everything you need to – breeze through the airport, buy a beer at the game, check in at the doctor's office, access your office building, and more – without ever pulling out your wallet. CLEAR is currently available in 50+ airports, venues and more. Now with Health Pass, CLEAR securely connects a person's digital identity to multiple layers of COVID related insights to help reduce public health risk and restore peace of mind. We're defining and leading an entirely new industry, obsessing over our customers, and investing in great people to lead the way. Recently named on CNBC's Disruptor 50 List for the second year in a row and winner of the SXSW Interactive Innovation Award, CLEAR is providing innovative technology options for businesses and our 5+ million members to help create a safer environment no matter where you go. CLEAR is seeking a Research Software Engineer to join our team. Your work will directly contribute to advancements in the field of human computer interaction. You will be responsible for measuring and helping drive data driven improvement of biometric matching accuracy, evaluation of biometric sensors, sourcing and assembling test apparatus, developing experiments, collecting data, and data analysis. The ideal candidate should be comfortable with creative problem solving in a late stage startup environment. If you like tinkering, are curious by nature, and/or consider yourself a technologist or an innovator, this may be the role for you. What You Will Do: Explore novel imaging technologies (2D/3D) for face image capture in order to foster the growth of our platform. Establish and maintain CLEAR wide best practices in image capture and performance evaluation. Design and run experiments to evaluate the performance of new capture devices, control algorithms, biometric algorithms and user workflows. Establish a model of sample utility to optimize face image capture across applications. Who You Are: Background in statistics, machine learning, computer vision, biometrics, robotics and/or imaging and have completed a software project in at least one of these areas. Must also possess software engineering experience & familiarity with one of the following technologies: Java, Python, C++, C# Must be experienced in at at least one field: R&D in computer vision, R&D in image processing, statistical modeling & analysis Experience in machine learning & computer vision packages such as openCV, etc. is desirable Ability to break down scientific results to product security and usability aspects. Analytical and scientifically rigorous. Location: NYC Polygon Labs a brand new, interactive applications meets high end visual effects studio based in New York City .We have a number of live projects at the moment ranging from immersive broadcast graphics, to branding to interactive software development for large, global media companies and international enterprises . You will have an opportunity to work on projects both in the US as well as project abroad with possible travel from time to time. You will work along side other talented software developers and designer . Responsibilities Software development on Polygon Labs custom applications 3rd Party API integration Front end web development Interactive development Data base design Requirements C# .NET Javascript, HTML5 and CSS3 Experience with Oracle, MySQL or MS SQL Server experience with REST and SOAP API integration Position Full time Full benefits Lastest Hardware and Software will be provided Training on company tools and software will be provided To Apply, email us at: admin@polygonlabsus 114 5th Ave (22114), United States of America, New York, New York Senior Software Engineer Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies to join our team. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Learn more about #lifeatcapitalone and our commitment to diversity & inclusion by jumping to slides 76 91 on our Corporate Social Responsibility Report. What You’ll Do: Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full stack development tools and technologies Work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment Work with cloud native stack, build on AWS, use technologies like Kubernetes and Serverless Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree At least 4 years of experience in software engineering Preferred Qualifications: Master's Degree 2+ years of experience in Agile practices 1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure, or another public cloud service 4+ years of experience in at least one of the following: Java, Scala, Python, Go, Javascript/TypeScript, Angular/Reactjs, or Nodejs 2+ years of experience working with big data technologies (eg. Hadoop, Spark, Presto) 2+ years of experience working on streaming data applications (eg. Kafka, Kinesis, Flink, or Spark Streaming) 4+ years of experience in open source frameworks At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position. Overview: Our New York office is looking for an experienced Software Developer who is looking for a new challenge in the financial technology services industry. TKG operates a large scale data environment with petabytes of market and analytic data, and generates real time data in time frames from milliseconds to minutes. This is an opportunity to work within a team of people with experience in financial markets, computer and data science, and with a keen interest in discovering new sources of information for financial markets. Responsibilities: Develop and implement quantitative software applications to process and analyze real time financial market data in a high performance computing environment Maintain and optimize existing software applications, and recommend and implement improvements Write technical specifications, project plans, and technical documentation; translate business requirements into functional specifications and project plans Regular communication with senior management and technical colleagues Processing, collecting and analyzing financial market data, including high frequency real time pricing data and reference data Monitor and improve the quality of analytical data generated from our applications; develop/work with reference data team to add or modify reference data sources Work with product managers and business development team to write documentation, technical specifications, project plans and sales material for our data and applications Ad hoc analysis and reporting as requested Education: BA/BS in STEM field Experience: Minimum 5 years of experience in financial markets required (market data, reference data, risk); internships count towards experience Quantitative background with interest in financial markets, corporate actions and market data a must Derivatives pricing, quantitative modeling, and risk analytics experience a plus Applicants must have experience with corporate actions, securities reference data and derivatives reference data, including futures and options contracts Must have experience using SQL Server/MySQL; strong programming skills (Java/C++); and working knowledge of R, Python/NumPy, MatLab, or similar language for working with data and performing scientific computing Working knowledge with fundamental statistical concepts including Bayesian modeling and hypothesis testing; and techniques such as linear regression, principal components (PCA), tree models, time series modeling such as GARCH, a plus Hands on experience working with project schedules, prioritizing tasks, and meeting deadlines in global team based projects Specific Skills: Highly analytical, attention to detail, and quantitative mind, capable of translating analytical insights into actions Demonstrate ability to work as a self starter requiring limited supervision; take ownership of projects from start to finish from requirements and specifications to QA testing, documentation and production release Ability to multi task, prioritize and manage time effectively, in a deadline driven environment Flexibility to fit into a small organization, strong interpersonal and team skills are a must It takes all types to make TKG Company great. If you’re someone who enjoys creating innovative ways to reach ambitious goals, who is open to and energized by receiving honest feedback, and who likes asking and being asked “why?” — then we should talk. We don’t just look for people who can do a particular job. We look for people we want to share our lives with, please forward your resume to info@tropikiagroupcom Our culture is relaxed but rigorous; our dress is casual. Tropikia Group, LLC. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. While we are always open to your inquiries, the following positions are types that are currently available. Position: Front End DeveloperLocation: NewYork or ChicagoFull time role(THIS IS NOT A FRONT END ROLE BUT A FULL STACK ENGINEER WITH ANGULAR< REACT AND C# Expertise besides other skills. NEED POWER CODERS)Visa type – GC and Citizens preferred. OPT EAD / GC EAD also can be considered if they have done their Graduation in Premier institutes like IIT, Xavier, BITS, Anna University etc. Job Responsibilities:Ideate, design and build Front End browser based platforms supported by well designed API's Design and build the back end databases and integrations using conventional SQL and NoSQL databases Support Client facing workshops to build the end to end solution architecture from a full stack perspective Interact with AI/ML engineers to design the front end and API's including dashboards needed for visualizing the output from the back end AI/ML models or other databases Work collaboratively in an agile development environment with a scrum team in a CI CD and highly automated mode Support building of client facing demos that can be re used as solution accelerators in actual delivery project Write blogs and thought leadership based white papers to demonstrate professional competenceJob Requirements: Strong engineering undergraduate degree Excellent coding skills in Angular, REACT, C#, CSS3, JavaScript and other plotting libraries for building intuitive dashboards and visualizations Participate in client facing whiteboarding and solution building workshopsPart time hours: 40 per weekJob Types: Full time, Part time, ContractPay: $120,00000 $130,00000 per yearSchedule:Monday to Friday For immediate consideration, please send you resume to: sw_eng__isite_reliability_engineer_intern_ecd1756d2us@ivygreenhouse.io Job Description Software Reliability Engineering (SRE) is a discipline that incorporates aspects of software engineering and applies them to infrastructure and operations problems. The main goals are to create scalable and highly reliable software systems. The Software Reliability Engineer will be a part of a team working on a variety of software engineering tasks to create and maintain scalable solutions and reliable software systems for our autonomous truck platform. You will have an opportunity to impact backend services such as fleet monitoring, machine learning and continuous integration among others. What You'll Do: Collaborate with others to define and execute on our SRE vision Continuously improve our process for detecting, responding to, and learning from production incidents Provide visibility into availability and performance metrics Reclaim Engineering time by substituting traditionally laborious human tasks with the automation of infrastructure, configuration, and delivery Optimize tools and processes Understand, deploy and provide technical support for infrastructure systems Engage in system design and development from the perspective of SRE Responsible for identifying and mitigating real and potential system problems and issues Ensure and improve security, stability, and scalability by creating new code and scripting Monitor and maintain enterprise level data centers Handle and debug complex server and service related issues Help service owners identify and instrument Service Level Objectives and design alerts that follow best practices Build tools and mechanisms that enable engineers to deploy and test their services in production Facilitate blameless postmortems and drive effective action items Help teams with automating tedious tasks and enable them to quickly launch new services. Work with service owners to have a proactive approach to designing tests, observing results and creating fixes for complex failure scenarios. What You'll Bring: A strong foundation of Linux Systems Engineering and Automation. Fluent with one or more programming languages such as Go, Python or Java Deep understandings of Cloud based (ie. AWS, Azure, etc.) services and API 1 2 years of experience with container based architecture, such as Docker and Kubernetes Streaming and Database technologies such as Postgres, Kafka, Cassandra, ElasticSearch, etc. Able to debug complex problems across the whole stack MS. or BS. in Computer Engineering and/or Computer Science Strong communication skills and the ability to work across technical teams A passion and habit for measuring key data points Perks Monthly Compensation Daily breakfast, lunch, and dinner Full Kitchen with unlimited snacks and fruits Work on live projects Mentorship Program TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items. For immediate consideration, please send you resume to: sw_eng__isite_reliability_engineer_intern_ecd1756d2us@ivygreenhouse.io ABOUT HAVEN LIFE Haven Life is an insurtech innovator at MassMutual that offers a new way to get life insurance online that's actually simple. We combine the culture of a startup with the stability and backing of a Fortune 500 company to create an environment that's truly unique. Our diverse team is comprised of smart, collaborative people who think big, execute quickly and don't take themselves too seriously. We're located in New York's Flatiron District and in case you're wondering, yes, we provide free snacks. Cold brew too. If you're creative, professional and kind, we'd love to hear from you. ABOUT THE ROLE You will be responsible for managing and executing the testing of our advanced insurance applications and platform. You will need to learn and understand our products at a detailed level and work with the team (primarily made up of developers, product managers, and other QA engineers) to ship high quality products or features every two weeks. This role entails a mix of manual and automation work and we expect the automation component to grow over time. Coding tests and automation questions are a part of the selection process for this role. Also, a Computer Science or related degree is strongly preferred. Your testing responsibilities will include: Be accountable for highly complex products as the primary QA Lead or perform software test projects and tasks Review epics and stories, define the right test plan and criteria for them, and provide effort estimates Establish clear expectations of scope and timing of all testing deliverables with the team Define, execute, and document manual tests, test data, and test results with necessary detail Communicate test results to the team and help prioritize and resolve any issues Analyze and debug production defects and work with the team to prioritize and resolve them Deploy and troubleshoot local, sandbox, and/or CI/CD environments to enable testing Identify ways to make the testing process and surrounding processes more efficient and effective over time Document knowledge that will be useful for new team members looking to test your product and its dependencies Your automation responsibilities will include: Document and prioritize test cases for automation Automate some test cases and add them to the existing automation framework Run automated test cases during sprint testing, UAT testing, etc. Run and analyze reports for automated test results REQUIREMENTS These skills are essential for success in this position: Minimum 5 years of QA experience on web applications in multi application production environments Experience with multiple types of testing, for example, regression testing, ad hoc testing, feature testing, user acceptance testing, user interface testing, integration testing, performance testing, security testing, etc. Experience in creating, running and maintaining automated tests Excellent communication skills, both oral and written Strong problem solving and root cause analysis skills, including debugging and log analysis Qualified applicants must be authorized to work in the US without sponsorship now or in the future. Must be able to work full time from our Manhattan office (once offices open again) These skills are a plus: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience. Computer Science or related degree strongly preferred. Ability and willingness to look into code bases outside one’s direct responsibility to identify potential failure points Extensive experience with the Agile methodology and frequent releases Experience in multi platform testing (desktop, tablet, mobile) and multi browser testing Experience with quality assurance metrics and reporting Experience with SQL queries Intermediate coding skills Ability to set up and troubleshoot local and sandbox environments BENEFITS We have a stellar team of co workers, a really cool office, and lots of fun activities. Oh yeah, and we pay competitive base salaries and we reward performance. Our salary structure is commensurate with experience. In addition, you will be eligible to participate in our comprehensive benefits program including medical insurance and 401(K). Auto req ID: 220649BR Job Description eCommerce Back End Engineer Your Code Can Reshape Tomorrow. Our team at PepsiCo eCommerce works with the most cutting edge technology and builds our own tech stack from scratch. This is where you’ll see your work come to life, as a member of a small, agile, highly skilled team that ushers global projects through from conceptualization to implementation. We’ve been laser focused on winning in the marketplace, developing and executing direct to consumer experiences like PantryShopcom and Snackscom in less than 30 days. At PepsiCo, we leverage a combination of technology, insights, resources and inventory to quickly meet consumers' evolving needs, with $3 billion in retail sales and growing. With a team of more than 250 associates and offices in Manhattan, Chicago, Plano, and Silicon Valley, we’re unleashing the full potential of automation, data science, and machine learning to challenge the way snacks and beverages are sold every day. Plus, we’re committed to continued learning—because it’s important for our team members to stay curious and inspired, we provide yearly stipends to attends conferences and classes to expand their development. We also invest in the communities we’re a part of, regularly sponsoring conferences like ElixirConf US, CodeBEAM SF, or EMPEX NYC while providing our teams with more opportunities to grow their skills. We're looking for a back end engineer to join our growing ecommerce team. You’ll have a once in a generation opportunity to influence the biggest players in online grocery while also building out new direct to consumer platforms. In this role you will have several distinct responsibilities and priorities: You will own backend feature development end to end, spanning data models, testing, scalability, operability and ongoing metrics. We work in Elixir: however, languages can be learned. We put more emphasis on your general engineering skill and willingness to learn than knowledge of a particular language or framework. We need you to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the backend as we continue to push technology forward. Some technologies that we use we don't expect you to know all of these but some familiarity would be great: Elixir Functional programming eg. Clojure or Haskell Ruby on Rails Python PostgreSQL Qualifications/Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Professional experience using Elixir Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs. 6+ years of professional experience in software development 3+ years of exposure to building API clients Back End Engineers: Professional experience using Elixir (must have) Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, continuous integrations, testing, and operations Hands on experience with cloud based platform capabilities We believe that culture should be at the cornerstone of everything we do at PepsiCo eCommerce. Operating with a start up mindset, we’re agile, innovative and not afraid of failure. We want our team members to come to work every day excited to explore new ways of bringing enjoyment, refreshment and fun to the world. So if you’re looking for the chance to create once in a generation disruption, let’s connect. Relocation Eligible: Not Eligible for Relocation Job Type: Regular All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity Our Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other applicable laws, including but not limited to, San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901 4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance; and Chapter XVII, Article 9 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code, commonly referred to as the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy Please view our Pay Transparency Statement Our Company Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen. We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours! The Behance team is looking for a senior software engineer to help us positively impact the daily lives of millions of creatives across the world. Our hardworking team of designers, developers, and community managers work hand in hand to create products that connect and empower the creative world. Our team is fueled with a passion for innovation. Do you get excited about solving complex problems and enjoy the freedom of going as deep in the stack as the feature calls for? Are you a curious developer who loves to learn and experiment? From working closely with designers to solving interesting technical problems, this role is all about finding creative solutions to real world problems. We're on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to building exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new insights can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours! What you'll do Work very closely with our product and community teams, refining new ideas and offering your technical expertise to shape our products Develop and deploy working software to production often using tools like PHP, Neo4j and Kubernetes on the server and Vue on the client. We pride ourselves on safely doing this many times a day and expect you to enjoy shipping code behind feature flags, running A/B tests, and making features available to the user with a flip of a switch Review many small pull requests, as empathetic, friendly, and thorough peer reviewed PRs are a part of our culture Provide a recommendation on the architecture of large features, taking pride in it being as simple and concise as possible Dive deep into difficult technical problems across the stack, those which can truly benefit from your expertise What you need to succeed Empathy for—and a laser focus on—the user experience and the product Thrive on collaborating on a cross functional team You are self guided and enjoy the autonomy that comes from clear goals and high level direction Strong desire to learn and a yearning to share that new knowledge Have the ability to effectively articulate your opinions and an open mind to changing them At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists ( http://wwwadobe.com/careers/awardshtml ). You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check In ( http://wwwyoutube.com/watch?v=hmL6uQZhYhw&list=UUlDSu3 Y4 BfI08784K P4g&feature=share&index=1 ) approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you're looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog ( http://blogsadobe.com/adobelife/ ) and explore the meaningful benefits ( http://benefitsadobe.com/ ) we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status. Adobe aims to make adobecom accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, please contact accomodations@adobecom or (408) 536 3015." The Company You'll Join At Carta we create owners and make private markets liquid. We live in a world where some people live on the equity stack and enjoy exponential wealth growth and preferential tax treatment; others live on the debt stack and may work their entire lives for a company and retire only with the cash they've managed to save from their paychecks. Our contribution to solving the wealth inequality problem is moving people from the debt stack (payroll) to the equity stack. By making it as easy to issue equity to employees as it is to put them on payroll, we can create more owners. At Carta, we are helpful, transparent, fair, and kind. We are relentless executors, unconventional thinkers, and masters of our craft. To learn more, here is what one of our investors wrote about leading our Series F. The Team You'll Work With You will be joining our newest vertical at Carta called CartaX. The CartaX team is creating more owners by removing restrictions on when and how employees exercise equity. Our team is building a greenfield marketplace that will allow the trading of shares in return for liquidity for employees of pre IPO companies. CartaX will be the world's first vertically integrated financial marketplace for private securities. The Problems You'll Solve As employees of pre IPO companies we are provided equity but the majority of individuals will fail to see a return as less than 2% of VC backed startups go public. This individual will be responsible for overseeing all transactions via CartaX, building tools around payment systems and security movement within the platform. Ultimately, you'll build tools that will provide equity owners access to assets that are historically restricted. Some of the problems you'll help us solve are: How to securely build internal tools for ops in order to manage money and securities. How to build internal account ledgers and integrating with 3rd parties and banking systems. How to manage integrations with 3rd parties integrations with Carta and various banking services. About You You have senior level experience solving complex technical challenges with backend languages such as Python, C++ or Java. You have knowledge and practical experience with multiple types of databases and their accompanying use cases (Relational, Time series, Warehouse, etc.. ). You have experience working with version control systems and CI/CD pipelines to build, test, and deploy your systems. You have experience with Message passing architecture Kafka, ZeroMQ. Proven experience with Kubernetes and Terraform Most importantly you're excited to work on a product that will fundamentally change the way private companies view liquidity, going public and how employees exercise their options. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a positive interview experience for every candidate. If accommodations due to a disability or medical condition are needed, connect with us via email at recruiting@cartacom. As a company, we value fairness, helpfulness, transparency, leadership and build our teams around these values. Check out our careers page to get to know us better as you think about your next step at Carta Go further, faster and be #StrongerTogether! We are more successful together. This is why you have the opportunity to become a star in our team. Our passion makes us a leading international development partner and supplier to the automotive industry as well as a pioneer for the mobility of the future. Our product portfolio addresses all crucial issues related to powertrain and air conditioning technology – both for e mobility and vehicles with combustion engines. Today, more than 77,000 employees work on innovative products throughout 160 production locations and 16 major development centers. Our goal is to shape the mobility of tomorrow – let’s be #StrongerTogether. Join our team MAHLE. Your Role & Responsibilities The Motor Control Software Engineer will work as part of the Product Engineering team developing the Electrically Driven AC Compressor, which is a Mechatronic product needed in conjunction with future Hybrid or fully Electrified Powertrains. This position contributes to the Electrical Compressor development activity by driving the development of the Software required to control the Electric Motor and to provide Controls and Diagnostics functionality on a system level. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Coordinate and collaboratively develop firmware to AC compressor product with supplier Develop algorithms for diagnostics and fault treatment routines in close collaboration with hardware engineering Establish software validation plans and coordinate test programs Assist with preparation and execution of test units Develop usage profile with controls engineer and customer calibration engineer and derive future software functionalities required Analyze test data and organize results relative to internal or customer specifications with observations and conclusions Apply engineering practices to reach design solutions Release appropriate software versions Initiate and lead software changes by following appropriate change procedures Participate in innovation, product cost and quality improvement initiatives Participate in cross functional teams related to customer program launch activity Work with suppliers and manufacturing plants to insure product design for high value and manufacturability Your Skills & Strengths Bachelors Degree in Electrical Engineer (BSEE) or Computer Engineering (BSCE) Required; Masters Degree is Preferred No Immigration Sponsorship Offered For This Position 7 or more years of Software Development experience for Mechatronics Required Strong Programming Experience in C, C++ Assembly Language Required Demonstrated experience in BLDC Motor/Motor Drive Controls, Position/Velocity Feedback Devices, Algorithms for Sensorless operation Required Experience with 16 bit and 32 bit Microcontrollers Required Familiarity with Software Standars ISO26262 and MISRA Required Automotive/Residential/Commercial HVAC experience Desired Computer skills including Microsoft Office Good interpersonal skills Good written and oral skills – ability to convey technical concepts Ability to manage time and organize effectively with multiple projects Ability to work effectively in a team environment Good results orientation and strong work ethic In addition to work in a great team, we encourage you to reach your personal potential and through outstanding learning and development opportunities. Exciting assignments and personalized support for your career are available to you. Junior Software Engineer (Python) Equinox Fitness Clubs Overview OUR STORY We are a company with integrated luxury and lifestyle offerings centered on Movement, Nutrition and Regeneration. In addition to Equinox, our other brands, Blink, Pure Yoga, SoulCycle, Furthermore, Equinox Hotels, and Variis are all recognized for inspiring and motivating members and employees to maximize life. Within our portfolio of brands, we have more than 200 locations within every major city across the United States in addition to London, Toronto, & Vancouver. OUR CODE We are passionate about high performance living and we practice what we preach – investing time in our own health and fitness. We believe that everyone has untapped potential within them and it takes a disruptive approach to unleash it. We dream big and don’t settle for the status quo. We sweat the details. We never accept less than 110% to help each other deliver the Equinox experience and enable our members to get great results. We are obsessed with what’s new, what’s now, what’s next. Never following, always leading, living ahead of the moment in fashion, culture and consumer behavior. We aren’t just a company; we’re a community vested in each other’s success. We value humility and a team approach at every level of the company. If you are a high performing individual who is passionate about winning and inspiring others then we are excited to discuss career opportunities with you. Job Description Equinox is seeking Jr and Mid level Python Software Engineers to join our Technology organization. This is a hands on software engineering role working to build and maintain our cutting edge internal platforms as a backend engineer. The ideal candidate will bring a proven track record of technical problem solving in the Web development field, a passion for Python, as well as direct experience developing RESTful APIs to support various web and mobile applications. Some example projects we are working on; a home grown Data platform, custom Dashboarding apps, a Backend API for our internal Employee Mobile app, as well as various python ETL packages to support HR and user provisioning needs across the entire enterprise. In this exciting role, you will work closely with Product Managers, Architects, QA testers, and other engineers within the broader Technology group on various Data, HR and Business applications. RESPONSIBILITIES Work closely with a team of software engineers to design, develop and support restful APIs Work closely with product managers to understand the requirements and produce design and code to shape the product Write clean, well documented code for a range of Business, Data, and HR products and services Contribute to technical architecture to enable scalable and extensible solutions Work within established coding standards and partner with peers on design, architectural, and peer reviews, test driven development, and automated workflows via CI/CD processes Ensure up to date documentation for systems, applications, and procedures Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field preferred 1+ years of software engineering experience 1+ years experience in software or data engineering experience in Python 1+ years level experience working with RESTful APIs, Flask a huge plus Strong understanding of AWS services, specifically EC2, RDS, SQS, SNS, S3, Lambda Strong understanding of modern caching tools like Redis, ElastiCache and or Memcache Experience with WSGI and web servers like Nginx, Gunicorn Understanding of authentication from a web perspective Understanding of Devops and modern CI/CD principles Understanding of various 3rd party Python. Eg, SQLalchemy, Selenium, Pandas A proven track record of practical problem solving and strong communication Knowledge of agile development practices We encourage you to share any personal technology projects you have worked on or are passionate about! Additional Information AS A MEMBER OF THE EQUINOX TEAM YOU WILL RECEIVE: We offer competitive salary, benefits and industry leading commission opportunities for club employees Complimentary Club membership 30 50% discounts on all Equinox products and services including Personal Training, Private Pilates, Spa and Café’ services and Shop items This job description is intended to describe the general requirements for the position. It is not a complete statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements. Other duties not listed here may be assigned as necessary to ensure the proper operations of the department. Equinox is an equal opportunity employer. For more information regarding our career opportunities, please visit one of our clubs or our website at https://careersequinox.com/ Spotify is reimagining the creator and consumer experience, partnering with artists, labels, and publishers to help them better understand and engage their fanbase. Join us in the Marketplace mission, where the team drives action to our Spotify for Artists platform through stats & insights so more artists can be successful! We are looking for a Backend Engineer to join our team of hardworking engineers that share a common interest in distributed backend systems, their scalability, and continued development. You will build the backend systems that power our application, scale highly distributed systems, and continuously improve our engineering practices. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music! What you’ll do Be a technical leader within the team you work with and within Spotify in general. Coordinate technical projects across teams within Spotify. Facilitate collaboration with engineers, product owners, and designers to tackle exciting and challenging problems for delivering various media worldwide. Be a valued member of an autonomous, cross functional agile team. Architect, design, develop, deploy, and operate Java services that serve millions of users in a DevOps manner. Be a leader of the Spotify wide backend developer community affecting and driving our architecture across the company. Hack on what you want during regular hack days and bi annual hack weeks. Who you are Have at least 4 years of professional experience working in a product driven environment. Know how to write distributed, high volume services in Java. Experienced with deploying and operating services on Linux. Have a deep understanding of system design, data structures, and algorithms. You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code. Familiarity with sound engineering practices and working on cloud platforms like GCP / AWS is a plus! You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 286 million users. POSITION SUMMARY Quanta Magazine seeks a talented interactive web developer with a strong interest or background in science, math, design and media. In addition to working with Quanta ’s award winning editorial staff to dream up and create high impact interactive features, explainers and templates, this developer will collaborate with other in house developers and production staff to conceive and implement new and improved website features to better serve the magazine’s growing audience. The interactive developer will be a skilled coder, creative problem solver and tech savvy designer who is enthusiastic about Quanta ’s mission to illuminate basic science and math research through public service journalism. Devotion to the highest standards in interactive web design, media ethics and scientific accuracy are a must. This full time position will report to the Web Development Team Lead and to Quanta ’s Editor in Chief and will be based at the Simons Foundation offices in New York City. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS/RESPONSIBILITIES Research, plan and execute interactive content and front end development for Quanta ’s website, built on WordPress with a React front end. Work closely and collaboratively with editors, reporters, art staff and other developers. Effectively manage priorities for multiple concurrent projects Adapt to changing requirements Perform any other duties or tasks as assigned or required MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Experience and Skills: At least three years’ experience in interactive/front end development and data visualization, preferably in a scientific or science media setting. Fluent in HTML5, CSS, Javascript, D3js and/or similar data visualization libraries. Experience working on user interfaces and sensitive to the needs of a diverse set of users (in terms of accessibility and ease of use) Attentive to creating experiences that work well on a wide variety of devices Familiarity with Wordpress, Reactjs, PHP a plus. Must be detail oriented, organized, an excellent communicator. Must be an effective team player and have the ability to coordinate interactive and web development projects with editors, reporters and art staff. REQUIRED APPLICATION MATERIALS Résumé Cover letter At least three web development samples Five interactive work samples that demonstrate a strong command of front end development, data visualization and interactive storytelling techniques. ABOUT QUANTA Quanta Magazine is an award winning, editorially independent online publication launched by the Simons Foundation to enhance public understanding of science. Our reporters and editors focus on developments in mathematics, theoretical physics, theoretical computer science and the basic life sciences, with an emphasis on delivering timely, accurate, in depth and well crafted articles for our broad, discerning audience. Among other awards and accolades for its science journalism, Quanta was awarded a 2020 National Magazine Award for general excellence. Quanta has syndication partnerships with Wired , The Atlantic , Scientific American , The Washington Post and other publications, has published two books ( Alice and Bob Meet the Wall of Fire and The Prime Number Conspiracy ) and our articles have been translated into several languages. THE SIMONS FOUNDATION’S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT Many of the greatest ideas and discoveries come from a diverse mix of minds, backgrounds and experiences, and we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment. The Simons Foundation actively seeks a diverse applicant pool and encourages candidates of all backgrounds to apply. We provide equal opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic disposition, neurodiversity, disability, veteran status or any other protected category under federal, state and local law. As a member of our Software Engineering Group, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought provoking environment one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: 5+ years of experience in information technology with an emphasis on application development, demonstrated experience with applications development throughout the entire development lifecycle. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or similar technical degree 5+ years of experience with Java/J2EE with a deep understanding of the language and core API's, web services, multi threaded/concurrent programming, XML, design patterns, Service Oriented Architecture. Experience in building the application using Spring Boot and Micro Services. Work with a team that develops smart and scalable solutions and provide a solid experience for our users. Converse fluently in the full web technology stack. Develop an understanding of our products and the problems we are attempting to solve. Plan, design, test, debug and deploy software solutions for managing infrastructure, project management, capacity planning, and operational efficiencies Leverage large amounts of machine, performance, application and inventory data to create a unique representation Analyze infrastructure problems/constraints, inefficiencies, process gaps, risk and regulatory issues and engineer software or automation solutions Work in partnership with infrastructure engineers and architects to understand and identify operational improvements Automate complex functions to improve the delivery of information Java Development: ability to create medium to large sized Java web applications from start to finish on their own This includes but is not limited to the following: client interaction, validating requirements, system design, frontend/Ui development, interaction with a Java EE application server, web services, experience with the various Java EE APIs, development builds, application deployments, integration/enterprise testing, and support of applications within a production environment. Strong RDBMS understanding Solid understanding of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) principles. Java related experience: REST/JSON/XML Web APIs Development experience. Spring MVC, Spring Data, Spring Security Testing frameworks Cucumber, Selenium, Junit. Must have practical experience with unit testing including deep understanding of Mock Testing Frameworks like EasyMock or Mockito Broad and deep understanding of multiple application server platforms including Apache Tomcat SQL & Database Oracle, Cassandra, Hbase Java performance tuning, debugging & Profiling Tools Code Repositories: SVN, GIT/Bitbucket Very interested and passionate about new technologies Can write well abstracted, reusable and efficient code and correctly employ design patterns Ability to work on multiple projects and manage many priorities. Strong written and verbal communication as well as strong interpersonal skills. Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Ability to absorb problems & present creative solutions within required timeframes. Must be able to demonstrate significant relevant work experience, or had experience of several major technology implementation projects. Demonstrated experience working with, and across, multiple teams in a global organization. Be self driven, ability to work independently or with multiple teams. Experience with latest Dev ops tooling/processes Desired/Additional skills: Big data technologies(Kafka, Spark, Storm, Hadoop, HDFS, Solr) Familiarity with UI technologies (Jquery, ReactJS, Bootstrap etc) Cloud/AWS experience VISA Transfer JOB Description : Agile Software Development:Develop services using agile software development methodology. Participate in daily meetings. Contribute towards entire Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) of upcoming project. Software Design: Create UML and Entity Relationship diagrams to document the service design. Ensure that design is robust, extensible and follows best practices Software Development: Develop Web, Batch & DB applications, including business and persistence layers of the application. Use Java programming language and Cassandra to code application functionalityWork will include all aspects of software engineering lifecycle concentrated with web development using Java/Spring/Micro Services/Cloud/Data Streaming/NoSQL Database solutions platform and databases. Perform code reviews prior to implementation. Strong focus on time and resource management, decision making and parallel project deliveries. Knowledge of version and revision control practices and procedures. Software Quality, Testing & Validation:Create Unit Tests, Perform Integration Tests to verify that connectivity between the systems meets the requirements. Validate deployed code to ensure that it works as expected. Production Support:Work with OPS team to setup monitoring, and resolve production issues. Assist with troubleshooting, root cause analysis and ensure that software bugs are corrected in an expedient manner. Communicate resolution & next steps. JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the JP. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans CBS BUSINESS UNIT: Simon & Schuster JOB TYPE: Full Time Staff JOB SCHEDULE: Full Time JOB LOCATION: New York, NY ABOUT US: Simon & Schuster, a division of ViacomCBS, is a global leader in the field of general interest publishing, dedicated to providing the best in fiction and nonfiction for consumers of all ages, across all printed, electronic, and audio formats. Its divisions include Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing, Simon & Schuster Children’s Publishing, Simon & Schuster Audio, Simon & Schuster Digital, and international companies in Australia, Canada, India and the United Kingdom. DESCRIPTION: Scrum/XP/Agile team in midtown Manhattan is looking for an experienced Rubyist or experienced Java/C#/Python developer interested in learning Ruby. We are an established, four developer Scrum/XP team. Our team contains experienced Rails developers who program, extensively test and deploy predictably on a weekly iteration cycle. We emphasize work/life balance, sustainable pace and collaborative feature development in a collegial environment. Work entails creating and maintaining Ruby on Rails websites and other consumer digital products for Simon & Schuster, a leading English Language trade publisher. Position reports directly to VP Technology for Simon & Schuster Digital. Simon & Schuster is a women run organization, an equal opportunity employer and a part of ViacomCBS Corporation. We mostly code in Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, CSS, HTML5 and test code using RSpec, Capybara. We work closely with our hosting provider so knowledge of Chef, Redis, MySQL, and NginX is a plus. Join a good team. Get a full time job with benefits. Help us figure out the future of trade publishing. Gain access to Simon & Schuster’s thousands of books through our employee physical and ebook programs. QUALIFICATIONS: 3 5 years professional experience working with Ruby on Rails or equivalent experience in object oriented languages such as Java, Python, C# or PHP and demonstrated willingness to learn Ruby. Interpersonal skills to collaborate closely with cross functional team and to communicate with executive sponsors. Experience with Agile Extreme Programming (XP) development and Scrum lifecycle practices, or a strong desire to learn including: agile product teams, test driven development, continuous integration, iterative delivery and retrospection. Ability to work on site in Midtown Manhattan. Good understanding of front end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3. Familiarity with concepts of MVC, Mocking, ORM, and RESTful. Experience implementing responsive designs using an existing frameworks or pure CSS. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git. A knack for writing clean, readable and maintainable Ruby code. Other Experience Experience with libraries such as Redis, Rspec, Mocha, Capybara. Experience with optimizing MySQL databases; NoSQL and/or PostgreSQL a plus. Experience with Resque or other background job frameworks. Familiarity with ONIX for Books to communicate book information in electronic form. Experience with data design and/or modeling. Ability to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system. Ability to implement automated testing platforms and unit tests. Familiarity with pair programming. FUNCTION: Software Engineering EEO Statement: ViacomCBS is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet. At ViacomCBS, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. ViacomCBS is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access wwwviacbs.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212846.5500 or by sending an email to viacomaccommodations@viacomcom. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned. Temboo is home to environmentalists, technologists, designers, and everyone in between. We believe in empowering all people to use emerging technology to make their own world a better place. Our no code platform for environmental engagement helps communities advocate for policy changes, nonprofits assess environmental conditions, cities maintain green infrastructure, and citizens become more involved. We’re building software that helps people measure, share, and grow their sustainability efforts—and we want you to help! Here’s some things we’re excited about: Our customers are building a wide range of environmental monitoring applications, from tracking soil moisture in city tree beds to assessing pH levels in octopus farms! As reported by the New York Times, our platform helps people combine science, sensors, and community organizing to make where they live, work, and play greener. Regardless of background or experience, we provide all the tools needed to measure, engage, inform, and advocate to build more engaged communities, neighborhoods, and environments. We partner with groups like the Waterfront Alliance, The Grid, and SWIM to lend our support for smarter, more resilient waterfronts and urban communities. Our software comes pre shipped in hardware development platforms for millions of devices from companies like Texas Instruments, Samsung, and Arduino. Our software integrates with over 100 internal and external APIs and cloud services, and we work closely with API providers such as Amazon and Microsoft to make their APIs more accessible. Temboo has been adopted as a teaching tool by over 150 universities worldwide, in courses ranging from traditional CS and engineering, to digital art and urban data mining. We want someone who can think beyond the hype cycle and explore how the environment, software, and hardware will affect individuals, communities, and the natural world. We are looking for a Creative Coder/Storyteller to communicate the benefits of Temboo and the big ideas behind it across multiple channels in order to increase usage and adoption. As part of the Product Outreach team, you’ll also use your creative and technical abilities to solve customer problems and build applications to address environmental needs. What You'll Be Doing Regularly creating content in many formats (articles, tutorials, blog posts, newsletters, social media, videos, hangouts, etc.) about the environment, customer case studies, and technical topics to attract new customers and to help engage existing users Creating and executing strategies for distributing Temboo content and messaging, always measuring how these increase customer adoption and engagement Assisting with investigating, building, and presenting technical solutions to our customers’ problems and questions Engaging directly with our customers, encouraging them to spread the word about Temboo and cultivating relationships with committed users so they become evangelists Launching and managing new campaigns and marketing channels Coordinating marketing around feature releases and major announcements both internally and with our partners Enhancing product positioning and messaging that differentiates Temboo in the environmental engagement space by understanding competing product offerings and the needs of our target customers What We're Looking For In You Experience with or knowledge of at least several of the following items: programmable hardware, HTML/CSS, any programming language, Google Analytics, marketing platforms, blogging, video Prior work experience at a startup or tech company and/or prior work experience in a growth, product marketing, or customer facing role Experience with creating appealing content in various media Strong grasp of the technology industry and comfortable discussing technical topics a fast and flexible learner who can stay informed about the ever evolving world of IoT and about our customers’ industries Skilled at visual storytelling and a good eye for design Excellent communication skills and an empathetic, resourceful team player 2019 08 01 104 Franklin St. New York, NY 10013 Full time SoHo Dragon represents an investment bank with offices in Midtown Manhattan. Our client needs to hire a Java Developer. The Developer will be working as a Senior Developer Resource on XVA Desk project. Interview will be Phone Screen followed by possible WebEx or Face to Face onsite interview Duties: 1. Hands on Senior Java Developer with over 6 years of enterprise development experience. 2. As a senior developer on the project, the consultant will be responsible to maintenance of XVA Pricing Tools and communicate with Strats and XVA traders. 3. Perform SDLC oversight for a project being developed by multiple teams. 4. Conduct Code Reviews and Document Changes necessary to support business. Skills: 1. Experience Java Developer (JDK 8 or 11) 2. Apache Camel (Version 2 and 3) 3. REST API (including Enterprise Authentication and Authentication) 4. Enterprise services (including monitoring, state management) 5. Spring (including Spring Boot and Spring Boot Actuator) 6. JMS 7. MS SQL Server 8. Plus: Experience with Capital Markets and understanding how Derivatives instruments are valued. 9. Plus: Murex Pricing API 10. Plus: Python. At Bowery Farming, we dream of a world where agriculture gives back to the people and the planet more than it takes. But to achieve this, we need more than incremental change. We need to reimagine farming from the ground up. Every day, Bowery’s purpose driven team works toward this mission. Right outside of cities, we build indoor farms that grow wildly flavorful produce that’s defiantly free from pollutants, all while using less finite resources like space and water. Our smart farms are powered by our proprietary farm operating system, BoweryOS, creating a simplified, agile food system that’s focused on flavor, freshness, and safety. At Bowery, we’re farming efficiently so we can feed effectively, democratizing access to fresh, local food in our communities. About the Role: This is an opportunity to join a growing team and make a substantial impact at Bowery. We’re looking for someone that can learn, adapt and roll with a fast paced, ever changing environment and who isn’t afraid of uncertainty. Software Engineering at Bowery involves developing software systems that power a modern farm. This includes building out work management systems, data collection, visualization, control systems, and farm automation. You’ll be part of idea generation, design, prototyping, planning, and the execution of new software components of all aspects of our farms. The software stack at Bowery consists of a few, focused Elixir services running in AWS, Phoenix +Vuejs / React on the front end, and Elixir (Nerves) running on thousands of in house built devices on premise in our farms. We're utilizing an event driven architecture, RPC, and Channels/WebSockets to pass data throughout our services and real time UI's. What You’ll Do: Create innovative automation solutions and advance the state of indoor farming alongside mechanical engineers, agricultural scientists, and the farm operations team. Build responsive, mobile first web applications to support the demands of farm operations and agricultural science teams. Develop systems to collect, process, and visualize data related to plant health and growing environment characteristics. Optimize crop cycles and workflow schedules to improve yields and make the best use of time in the farm. Scale systems to handle more farms, more sensors, more crops, and more operators. Proactively identify opportunities to enhance developer productivity. Who You Are: You have experience developing and scaling production web applications using Phoenix, Rails, Node, or similar backend MVC frameworks. You proactively mitigate issues through test driven development, continuous deployment, and thoughtful monitoring and alerting. You’ve built user interfaces using JavaScript frameworks like Vuejs, React, or Angular. You’ve used implementations of protocols like MQTT, XMPP, and AMQP to handle messaging between services in a distributed system. You’re excited about how advancements in machine learning and IoT can work in harmony to improve the state of the planet. You are able to establish scope of assigned tasks, execute on them, and independently communicate status updates. You participate in code reviews and give constructive feedback to peers You believe that teams succeed and fail together and take responsibility for ensuring the success and safety of your teammates. You’re confident in taking ownership of projects from start to finish and enjoy the process of turning nebulous ideas into reality. Bowery's headquarters is based in Manhattan. We have two farms in Kearny, New Jersey. One farm is focused on Research & Development, the other services retailers and community partners in the Tri State area. Our third farm is located in Nottingham, Maryland, feeding the Mid Atlantic region. Bowery Farming products are sold at hundreds of retailers, including Whole Foods Market, Giant Food, Stop & Shop, Walmart and specialty grocers, along with online partners like Amazon Fresh, Hungryroot, Peapod and restaurants, including Sweetgreen. Based in New York City, the company has raised over $1725 million from leading investors, including Temasek, GV (formerly Google Ventures), General Catalyst, GGV Capital, First Round Capital, and Henry Kravis, as well as some of the foremost thought leaders in food, including David Barber of Blue Hill, Tom Colicchio, and José Andres. Senior Software Engineer – BackEnd / Delivery Platform, PromoteIQ Microsoft Advertising PromoteIQ provides intelligent vendor marketing solutions for the next generation of e commerce. Our platform helps retailers implement, automate, and scale their brand funded digital vendor marketing programs. We sit at the intersection of marketing and e commerce and have a singular mission of empowering retailers and brands to maximize their e commerce performance. We embody a strong startup culture that values diversity, collaboration and craftsmanship and above all else, results. Our bias towards execution balances critical thinking, root analysis and pragmatic problem solving. We expect a lot from one another and value our thoughtful and intellectually curious company culture. Microsoft Advertising PromoteIQ is headquartered in New York City and supports a global footprint of e commerce retailers and brands. The company was acquired by Microsoft in Aug, 2019 and continues to operate as an independent division within Microsoft Advertising. Learn more at PromoteIQ. This role is based in our SoHo/NYC office. Microsoft Advertising is a worldwide Sales, Marketing and Services organization on the cutting edge of the digital advertising industry. Microsoft Advertising offers a compelling portfolio of advertising products, innovative solutions and the opportunity to engage with some of the brightest minds in the digital industry. Microsoft Advertising is the destination for experienced, collaborative, and passionate digital advertising professionals seeking a rewarding career and lifestyle. Who we’re looking for We are hiring for a back end Senior Software Engineer on our delivery team to help expand our growing suite of e commerce advertising products. Engineers on the delivery team work together to build high availability low latency distributed services serving requests from around the world. Team projects include everything from implementing complex pricing algorithms to optimizing resource utilization and improving system resilience. This is an exciting opportunity to participate in the innovation and evolution of a large and rapidly changing industry, at a scale very few other places can match. You will be part of a passionate and growing team who takes pride in their work, and cares about their colleagues. If you are someone who takes ownership of your projects and thrives in a dynamic environment, then let's chat! Our Culture: Microsoft Culture Responsibilities Design and implement new features and enhancements to our platform Design and implement hard real time decisioning algorithms and service with strict SLAs Ship high quality, well tested, secure, and maintainable code Provide thought leadership and architectural expertise, and manage cross team integration Participate in design discussions about new features and ensure real time technology integrates seamlessly with other pieces of the platform Work collaboratively and communicate effectively with engineering and product teams Lead greenfield / R&D projects and take joy in experimentation Drive project delivery and quality metrics Participate in an on call rotation Qualifications BS/MS/PHD degree in Computer Science or related technical experience Strong theoretical fundamentals including, but not limited to: data structures, algorithms, time complexity and space complexity, lock free data structures, multi threaded architectures etc. 7+ years of professional experience designing and building software 5+ years of experience building enterprise scale high performance, multi threaded, distributed systems and applications 3+ years experience designing and building in Java [Spring boot etc.] or equivalent object oriented programming language [GoLang, Python, C++ etc.] 3+ years building enterprise scale resilient/fault tolerant global services Who you are?: Highly energetic and proactive with strong leadership skills Enjoy making sense of chaos and solving for scale Passionate about the latest developments in technology You are excited to innovate and understand the balance between trying something new and doing something tried. You ask thoughtful questions, aren't afraid to fail, and constantly seek to be better. A collaborative team player with the ability to shift gears quickly and who enjoys working with their colleagues Dependable and reliable with clear thinking and attention to detail #PromoteIQ #MicrosoftAdvertising Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. About Route Route is a one click premium shopping experience for online ordering, and the only way to view all of your online orders, from any merchant, in one place. Online shoppers can insure and visually track everything they order online in one centralized app. E commerce merchants from boutique brands to household names can add Route to their website empowering one click solutions for their customers for shipping insurance, visual package tracking, and one click claim handling. With offices in both Silicon Slopes, Utah (HQ) and Santa Monica, California, Route embodies a creative lifestyle partnered with innovative tech to build a one of a kind global brand. About the Role Route's software engineers are developing next generation technologies that change how millions of users see, share, and discover the world's products. We care deeply about our mobile users and develop for both iOS and Android, solving for large scale problems, and bringing large data to small devices with an elegant user experience. We are looking for versatile mobile engineers that are excited to be at the forefront of our product innovation and build customer facing mobile applications for both iOS and Android. Route is an engineering company. We need our engineers to bring fresh ideas, be excited to take on new problems across the stack, and embrace the startup culture where we must be comfortable being uncomfortable at times. We aspire to hire the best people with a broad set of technical skills, representing a globally diverse audience, and bringing a diversity of ideas, perspectives, and cultures. Your participation: Lead the design, implementation, and improvement of our most demanding mobile projects Manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables Mentor team members on engineering best practices, design, and coding standards Embody a culture of innovation, transparency, and radical candor Minimum qualifications: BS/BA degree in Computer Science, similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience Solid understanding of Computer Science fundamentals 5+ years of relevant work experience Experience building Android applications with Kotlin / Java Interest and ability to learn other languages as needed Preferred qualifications: MS degree in Computer Science or similar technical field Extensive knowledge of iOS or Android development techniques and practices Experience with one or more general purpose languages, eg. Go, Java, Python, Javascript Must be willing to relocate to Santa Monica, CA or Lehi, UT now or in the near future. Benefits: Route offers an array of benefits including generous salaries, stock options, 100% healthcare coverage, and an unlimited PTO policy. Route is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. How to apply If you're interested in this role, please send your resume, any sample work that might help, and cover letter (describing why this is a great match) to jobs@enfaticacom. We are looking for exceptional software engineers to develop and extend our enterprise platform Qualifications Exceptional software designer & developer. Strong UI design skills. Have built web applications with user facing HTML UIs. Strong at dynamic language programming (Python, Ruby, and Javascript). Strong understanding of web architectures and RESTful APIs. Familiar with modern HTML/CSS/Javascript. Strong understanding of relational databases and experience with MySql/Sqlite/Postgres. Experience with HTML5 is a plus. Experience with iPhone/iPod/iPad development is a plus. Strong CS fundamentals from a competitive school. Experience developing interesting web projects. Loves startup energy. Must have work visa, and be able to work on site in New York City. All about these Boxed Boxes! Boxed was launched in our CEO's garage in 2013 by our four founders; an eclectic group of experienced tech pioneers. They had a simple idea: to make shopping for bulk sized products easy, convenient and fun. Today, we deliver a first class e commerce experience for everyday essentials across the country. Currently, all corporate employees are working remotely from home until it is deemed safe to return to our offices by local and state health officials. We have offices located in New York City and San Mateo, and three fulfillment centers in New Jersey, Nevada and Texas. We're a late stage start up that places technology and innovation at the heart of all that we do. Our technology platform and automated, state of the art fulfillment centers make headlines and our systems utilize machine learning, predictive analytics and other technologies to ensure a delightful B2C and B2B online shopping experience. While technology is at the core of what we do, providing a personalized, thoughtful and seamless shopping experience is at the core of who we are. We value each and every customer and every single order receives a hand written thank you note. Unpack your Potential at Boxed! Boxed is made up of a vibrant and fun group of engineers, designers, marketers, sales people and operations specialists just to name a few! We work with passion for driving superior value and experience to our customers. Our customers choose to buy from Boxed because we save them time and money, which in turn makes their lives easier. That's where you come in! We are looking for an exceptional iOS/Android Engineer to add to our growing team. You would play a crucial role in building the Boxed mobile apps and collaborating with the existing Mobile, Product, Design, and API teams to ensure we offer a world class customer experience. As part of a small team with significant ownership over the product, you will engineer new features as well as maintain the quality of the app so that our customers have a great experience shopping with us. We value any Software Engineer who can think critically and learn quickly. We often leverage open source tools that may be written in any language, and a software engineer should feel comfortable diving into the source code to fix bugs or understand the software when there's a gap in documentation. We're a bunch of engineers who enjoy balancing time to market and robustness, and are comfortable making decisions that shape the way software will be built at Boxed for years to come. You will: Be a critical part of not just the technology team but to the company as an excellent problem solver Develop high quality UX rich mobile apps for iOS and Android Work closely with a multidisciplinary team to understand requirements and implement appropriate solutions; including Product Managers, Designers, API Engineers, and QA Analysts Optimize applications for performance and overall memory usage Consistently ship code that meet your own high standards Keep up with the latest development trends in the mobile industry Your foundations: Degree in Computer Science or a related field 2 years practical experience developing natively in either iOS and/or Android (Both a plus) Familiar with latest design patterns and guidelines as outlined by Apple and Google Experience with Payment Platforms such as Apple Pay, Android Pay, Braintree or Stripe Self motivated and willing to take initiative A willingness to share experience with others A passion for code quality and adherence to standards Experience working with git Excellent communications skills Keen eye for details and quality at both the code level and the overall application UX Don't meet all of our requirements? Not a problem. We're always looking for fast learners who may have a less than standard path or the exact skillset mentioned above. Please apply anyways and show us why you're awesome! OUR package for you! Alongside our customer focus and technology DNA, we pride ourselves on our employee centric mentality. NBC Nightly News called our CEO, Chieh Huang, "America's Dream Boss" for our generous benefits. Our team enjoys competitive compensation plus stock options, flexible parental leave, unlimited paid time off, weekly company wide events, and lots of other perks just some of the reasons we made Crain's list of best places to work in NYC. We'd love to meet you, so apply today! Software Labs is looking for Java Application Developers to work in Flushing, NY and various unanticipated locations throughout the US. Must possess Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology or any other related fields and 1 2 years of experience in JAVA18, SQL, T SQL, PL/SQL, JSP, Servlets, EJB30, Web Services (JAX WS), Spring 30 (Spring MVC, Spring Core, Spring Context, Spring IOC), Spring Boot. Position may require travel. Send resumes to hr@software labscom Company Description Our teams’ purpose is to directly drive the development and evolution of the product infrastructure and services that serve the public conversation on Twitter. We partner directly with product teams to build out new product features, own critical technical infrastructure, and think ahead to lay the technical groundwork for future product innovation. Job Description What you’ll do... We’re hiring engineers for the Tweet Conversations and Live team. You’ll work closely with smart, passionate peers on backend infrastructure on Twitter scale infrastructure. Your peers will consist of engineers (across backend, client, and machine learning), product managers, designers, and all the cross functional partners that make Twitter work. And ultimately, your work will directly impact the lives of every Twitter user. The Live Services team builds, scales and maintains the software services that power Twitter LIVE, Periscope, and other media streaming services. The team owns 22 production services, both on AWS and inside the Twitter datacenters, and supports new media products within Conversations by building the services that power client applications. This work is an integral part of Twitter’s conversational product vision and directly impacts the lives of our customers and success of our business. The Tweet Conversations team builds and owns product infrastructure to maintain and evolve the ways people Tweet and reply with each other. This team owns critical services that underpin the core Twitter product across all of its surface areas. The team’s work is both deep and broad: Tweets underpin the foundation of many product initiatives, and our ambitious company plan will require significant product changes to the core ways people create and consume Tweets. As a member of the team, you’ll directly influence the infrastructure that serves the majority of Twitter content. Who you are… Able and desire to take on unexplored, complex product and technical problems, learn quickly, understand tradeoffs, and communicate a solution Have a self driven attitude able to own problems and deliver solutions. We give our engineers a lot of autonomy. Interest in backend infrastructure and the Twitter consumer product. Qualifications Fluency with at least one of the following languages: Java, C/C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, Go, Rust, or any other common programming language. Experience with designing, improving, maintaining, and debugging complex, scalable distributed systems. Experience with writing tests for production software Experience operating production software in a UNIX/Linux environment Experience working in a collaborative team environment, across both written and verbal communication Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Doctorate in computer science or a related field, or relevant work experience Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records Electric is a Series B startup backed by Bessemer Venture Partners, Bowery Capital, GGV Capital, Primary Venture Partners and led by a team of seasoned entrepreneurs, operators, and technologists. With software forming the foundation of every office, Electric is the world's first all in one, modern IT support solution that can truly meet the needs of growing businesses. Through a chat interface, personalized service, and flat rate pricing we keep our client's email, computers, Wi Fi and software running smoothly at a fraction of the cost and headaches normally experienced with traditional managed service providers. Our company is a fun, fast paced environment with enormous opportunities for career advancement. What You'll Do Brainstorm, design and build high quality software for our customer base by writing easily understandable, idiomatic, high performing code Become a subject matter expert in your area of technical focus, while contributing code and providing well reasoned feedback in areas outside your primary domain Participate in technical architecture discussions and help drive technical decisions within your team Review peers' code, and provide constructive feedback that keeps the bar high on code quality and standards. Partner closely with product managers to understand customer concerns and how your contributions affect our business Follow an agile and growth mindset to embrace challenges, ensure clear communication channels and continuous improvement of yourself and your teammates Collaborate with fun loving and hard working teammates who are equally at home wrangling complex technical challenges as they are at a game of pool or ping pong. Our Tech Stack Postgres and DynamoDB as primary data stores AWS Redshift as our data warehouse Python based serverless functions hosted on AWS Lambda GraphQL for querying APIs and serving relevant data React for front end applications Storybook as a rapid development tool for component library / design system What You Are Bachelor's degree in Computer Science / Engineering or related field, or equivalent training, fellowship, or work experience. 4+ years of software development experience and the ability to learn quickly Experience with functional or imperative programming languages eg. Python, Ruby, Go, C, or Java. A methodical and analytical mindset with a strong work ethic Ego less nature, excellent teamwork and communication skills Strong sense of ownership and responsibility for the software you build Write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability Experience with agile processes and passion for automated testing Ability to work in a complex environment and prioritize among competing demands Your Onboarding Plan By Day 15: Learn about Electric and engineering culture Develop an understanding of existing product architecture and your team's current roadmap and milestones Pick up one (or more!) user stories and own them from development to production By Day 30: Provide timely and constructive code reviews and feedback for your teammates Make substantial improvements to an existing feature with measurable user impact By Day 90: Collaborate with your team on technical vision, prioritization, grooming and estimation of its next quarterly milestones Contribute ideas for improving team velocity and overall product architecture Sr. Software Engineer (PYTHON) Equinox Fitness Clubs Overview OUR STORY We are a company with integrated luxury and lifestyle offerings centered on Movement, Nutrition and Regeneration. In addition to Equinox, our other brands, Blink, Pure Yoga, SoulCycle, Furthermore, and Equinox Hotels are all recognized for inspiring and motivating members and employees to maximize life. Within our portfolio of brands, we have more than 200 locations within every major city across the United States in addition to London, Toronto, & Vancouver. OUR CODE We are passionate about high performance living and we practice what we preach – investing time in our own health and fitness. We believe that everyone has untapped potential within them, and it takes a disruptive approach to unleash it. We dream big and don’t settle for the status quo. We sweat the details. We never accept less than 110% to help each other deliver the Equinox experience and enable our members to get great results. We are obsessed with what’s new, what’s now, what’s next. Never following, always leading, living ahead of the moment in fashion, culture and consumer behavior. We aren’t just a company; we’re a community vested in each other’s success. We value humility and a team approach at every level of the company. If you are a high performing individual who is passionate about winning and inspiring others, then we are excited to discuss career opportunities with you. Job Description Equinox is seeking a mid senior level Python Software Engineer to join our Data Insights team. This role is a hands on engineering position responsible for the build and continued evolution of our data platform, business applications, and integration tools. The data platform supports the daily functions of our data warehouse, analytics and business intelligence teams. Implementations require modern data processing, build of ETL pipelines and custom APIs. Our business applications are a set Our ideal candidate is someone who could lead a team or large scale project from conception to production release, has proven record of designing architecture for scale, durability and security and has a passion for building software. You will mentor and learn from fellow engineers to champion new initiatives and best practices. You have the opportunity to make a huge impact on a team that is open to change and adopting the latest technologies. RESPONSIBILITIES Hands on design, development and monitoring of various Python web applications, APIs, data processing tools, and analytic technologies Review designs and code across multiple applications and internal tools Develop and maintain scalable data analysis pipeline, using technologies including Python, Spark, Redshift and SQL Server. Design and maintain highly available APIs to facilitate service integration. Integrate data from a variety of sources, assuring they adhere to data quality and accessibility standards. Develop unit tests and integration tests, refactor existing code, and participate in code review to ensure code quality. Document processes and standard operating procedures. Evaluate and conduct POC’s (proof of concept) with new technologies. Work and improve on various OSS projects, help bring new internal tools to the world. Lead the Data Insights Engineering team and mentor junior engineers Qualifications REQUIRED 6+ years of experience working in a Software Engineering, Development, or Data Warehousing capacity 4+ years of experience with Python 3+ hands on experience with AWS Strong skills in SQL, Linux, git and Docker Experience writing unit tests and test automation Previous leadership experience Creative, flexible, and quick to learn and finding the best solution Ability to work successfully in a collaborative, multi project, deadline driven environment within Agile framework PREFERRED Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field Experience with AWS Redshift or Redis Cache Practical experience with serverless architecture Love for open source projects Experience with automation engineering Experience partnering with both on and offshore teams Amazon Web Services (AWS) certification Additional Information AS A MEMBER OF THE EQUINOX TEAM YOU WILL RECEIVE: We offer competitive salary, benefits and industry leading commission opportunities for club employees Complimentary Club membership 30 50% discounts on all Equinox products and services including Personal Training, Private Pilates, Spa and Café’ services and Shop items This job description is intended to describe the general requirements for the position. It is not a complete statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements. Other duties not listed here may be assigned as necessary to ensure the proper operations of the department. Equinox is an equal opportunity employer. For more information regarding our career opportunities, please visit one of our clubs or our website at https://careersequinox.com/ All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Must have a legal right to work in the United States. Title: RPA Developer (Automation Anywhere)Where: Remote (Down the road, might need to attend meetings IF required)4 5 years with technical experience (BA, coding, developing): how much does the candidate have? What capacity? Can be a BA, developer etc6 months RPA: How much of what skill does the candidate have?Automation anywhere for 6 months to a year. Or have UI path or blue prismHave people who have done RPA on different systemsPeople who have worked in a continuous delivery environmentPeople who do really well with looking at a process end to endContract length: 6 monthsJob Type: ContractPay: $63,52200 $153,94100 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftExperience:RPA development: 2 years (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required) **Please note that this is a contract position** With more than 19,000 employees, Bloomberg HR Engineering builds systems to ensure that our global company is able to run smoothly and efficiently. The HR teams rely on our products to ensure that complex workflows involving anything from recruiting, employee onboarding, compensation, talent management, to compensation, are streamlined and top notch. Our organization would not be anywhere without our employees and the products we build are critical in making sure our employees have the resources they need. The HR Engineering team is responsible for designing and developing complex workflows for products in the area of 1) Talent Management: Products for handling employee performance processes year round we do this by considering all workflows for various organizations and employee scenarios, while also developing complex reporting tools to provide aggregates and trends 2) Payroll Processes: Platform for discovery and transparency of employee pay slips, tax documents, etc. We are building an admin functionality for managing different payroll cycles and release/visibility rules across the globe and streamlining processes for integrating with various payroll vendors. 3) Employee Management: Products for employees to manage employee information, including contact details and availability. We provide APIs and services for employee data consumption by other teams and products. Our database handles about 3 billion hits a day and employee info service handles about 1 million hits a day! 4) Enterprise Document Storage: Product to securely store and index sensitive HR documents and allow for document discovery for HR admins. 5) Vendor Management and Integrations: Participate in vendor evaluation, product prototyping, and product integration for various third party solutions to use across the HR department. Business Exposure: Along with working closely with our product team, you will get the chance to work with top executives and other stakeholders to help them manage mission critical processes and gather requirements for developing the next generation of products. We will trust you to: Take ownership of the products and prototype, build and iterate at a rapid pace Work with a variety of technologies to develop innovative solutions Collaborate in an agile, fast paced team Be a problem solver and think outside the box Deliver on time without compromising on quality You will need to have: 5+ years of experience in designing and implementing complex full stack software applications Experience in C# and Python; C/C++ is a plus Experience in Angular 2, Nodejs, JavaScript, CSS is a plus Familiarity with database programming (SQL Server DB / PostgreSQL knowledge a plus!) Strong communication and interpersonal skills BA, BS, MS, PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or related technology field We would love to see: Experience shipping high profile user facing products, working with large code bases, and engineering features for security, scalability, and high availability An understanding of the design, implementation, and deployment of high performance, large scale applications in a distributed environment Bloomberg is an equal opportunities employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. About Extend: Extend is modernizing the $100 billion per year extended warranty and protection plan industry using cutting edge technology, and top notch customer service. With a $40M Series B round of funding, we are ready to continue to scale our organization. Our API first solution allows any merchant to offer extended warranties and protection plans, both online and offline, while also providing a merchant's end customers with a vastly improved and modern support experience that eliminates many of the issues customers face today with legacy underwriters. We are a venture backed startup based in downtown San Francisco (and since COVID began, fully remotely) that is led by founders who have previously had multiple successful exits. Extend is simplifying the technology stack for the extended warranty industry, in the same way that Stripe did for online payments and Affirm did for consumer point of sale financing. The Role: We are looking to hire Senior Software Engineers on a variety of different teams from Claims, Merchants and Customers. You will be building an application that gets used in the real world, and is touched by people every day and work closely with the product and sales teams to ship the product. We want someone to be passionate about product quality, user experience, and be a strong advocate for the end user. What You'll Do: Design and implement event driven systems with AWS Serverless technologies. Collaborate with members of the engineering, product and design teams to deliver enhancements compatible with the existing platform. Influence the overall architecture and provide guidance to junior team members. Encourage innovation and foster an environment of continuous improvement. Identify areas to improve and scale our architecture and application design. Develop robust solutions to manage our data, APIs and other critical back end features What We Are Looking For: 5+ years of experience in software development primarily on the Backend Strong programming skills in JavaScript, preferably TypeScript Experience building distributed, highly available, scalable cloud based systems. Extensive knowledge around API development with HTTP, REST and JSON. Understanding of serverless environments. Great communicator. Explaining complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers is no problem for you. Excellent skills with data modeling and data management. Nice to Haves: Built event driven systems. Worked with AWS Lambda, DynamoDB, SQS, SNS, API Gateway and other cloud services. Designed systems around microservice architecture patterns. Loves test driven development. Life at Extend: Working with a great team from diverse backgrounds in a collaborative and supportive environment Competitive salary based on experience, with full medical and dental benefits Stock in an early stage startup growing quickly Flexible vacation policy Monthly team events outside the office Office located near BART and public transit. Note: we are all working remotely until it is safe to return to the office. Senior DevOps Engineer (full time and fully remote) profitable Cryptocurrency related startup. All employees work remotely from their homes various locations across the US. including a few folks on the West CoastSmall (< 15) Cryptocurrency related software startup is seeking a Senior DevOps Engineer with strong Kubernetes experience supporting high availability cloud (AWS or GCP) applications with current monitoring technologies and other infrastructure as code. Nice to haves include blockchain experience and /or deep security expertiseThe company received a moderate sized Seed round of funding from a major Crypto Hedge Fund company a few years ago and will not require additional funding. They are cash flow positive with growing revenues and several years of cash in the bankWorking directly with the Co Founders (CEO & CTO) both of which are experienced tech entrepreneurs with previous startup successCompetitive base salary + valuable stock options. This job is full time and 100% fully remoteFor more info contact Bivium Founder Jamie LeBlanc jamie [at] biviumgroup [dot] com Jamie is the co founder of Bivium and a top ranked software recruiter located in Boston with over 20 years of software engineering recruitment experience and >90 Recommendations on LinkedIn [https://wwwlinkedin.com/in/jamieleblanc/] .devops, kubernetes, infrastructure as code, iac, aws, google cloud, gcp, container orchestration, site reliability, prometheus, grafana, go, python, java, c++, high availability, ha cloud, time series data, open source, cryptocurrency, blockchain, evm, decentralized finance, defi, #jamiejobs, jamie leblanc, remote devops jobs, IndeedJob Type: Full timePay: $100,00000 $150,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)Flexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:DevOps: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteCompany's website:wwwbiviumgroup.comCompany's Facebook page:wwwbostonsoftwarejobs.com A highly motivated software developer (entry level or more senior) is sought to work on development of a C++ Real Time Linux based software system, known as RTXI (wwwrtxi.org), used for controlling biological experiments. The developer will work collaboratively with scientists in the lab to design stable software that streamlines data acquisition and analysis. The developer will serve as the technical lead for RTXI and be responsible for UI and modules software development, on site and off site troubleshooting, and other job related duties as required to continue development and user adoptability of RTXI. The developer will also contribute to Python based tools for processing and analyzing data from RTXI. *** Interested candidates should email (using Subject line: "last name, first name: Applicant for RTXI software developer position") the following, as a single bundled PDF: (1) cover letter that includes a brief description of software development experience; (2) resume; and (3) names and email addresses of three references to siyuwei@downstateedu *** Qualifications: REQUIRED: BS. / MS. in engineering, computer science or related field with substantial programming experience. OR PhD. in engineering with significant experience / interest in programming. Experience programming in C++ and Python. Development experience in the Linux environment. Excellent communication skills, ability to work independently and in teams, and a self starter. Previous experience with real time or embedded systems. Strong organizational and communication skills. PREFERRED: Previous experience with real time or embedded systems, Qt framework, kernel module development, scientific computing, and numerical methodsExperience in biological experiments. StackOverdriveio is hiring DevOps Engineers for permanent and contract positions As a DevOps Consultant at StackOverdriveio you will work with large to medium sized companies helping them streamline their infrastructure and deployment strategies. As a DevOps Engineer you will: Create automated scripts that will build, configure, deploy and test applications deployed to different environments; maintain, support, and enhance our continuous integration environment. Develop system engineering solutions to help achieve highly available, highly scalable systems. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in one or more following disciplines: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Software Engineering, Informatics, Symbolic Systems, Mathematics or Physics. An advanced degree in one of the above disciplines is preferred. Minimum of 3 years as a Software Developer, Systems Engineer, or DevOps Engineer at a startup, mid to large size company is required. In depth automation experience using configuration management tools Chef, Ansible & CloudFormation Experience with a CI system (ie. Gitlab & Jenkins) and monitoring tools (New Relic, Datadog, Sensu). Experience with Kubernetes Prior experience developing or working with any of the following Cloud Computing Service: Amazon Web Services (Preferred), Google Compute, Nutanix and Openstack Private Clouds Strong Python, Ruby coding/scripting skills (other scripting languages may be considered). Ability to work with teams both internally and externally Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non technical teammates. Flexibility to work within different environments. Willingness to learn and apply new technologies and skills. Location: We are located in New York City Telecommute, Remote OK (Must be located in the United States) We are an equal opportunity employer. How to Apply Email: jobs@stackoverdriveio Auto req ID: 220649BR Job Description eCommerce Back End Engineer Your Code Can Reshape Tomorrow. Our team at PepsiCo eCommerce works with the most cutting edge technology and builds our own tech stack from scratch. This is where you’ll see your work come to life, as a member of a small, agile, highly skilled team that ushers global projects through from conceptualization to implementation. We’ve been laser focused on winning in the marketplace, developing and executing direct to consumer experiences like PantryShopcom and Snackscom in less than 30 days. At PepsiCo, we leverage a combination of technology, insights, resources and inventory to quickly meet consumers' evolving needs, with $3 billion in retail sales and growing. With a team of more than 250 associates and offices in Manhattan, Chicago, Plano, and Silicon Valley, we’re unleashing the full potential of automation, data science, and machine learning to challenge the way snacks and beverages are sold every day. Plus, we’re committed to continued learning—because it’s important for our team members to stay curious and inspired, we provide yearly stipends to attends conferences and classes to expand their development. We also invest in the communities we’re a part of, regularly sponsoring conferences like ElixirConf US, CodeBEAM SF, or EMPEX NYC while providing our teams with more opportunities to grow their skills. We're looking for a back end engineer to join our growing ecommerce team. You’ll have a once in a generation opportunity to influence the biggest players in online grocery while also building out new direct to consumer platforms. In this role you will have several distinct responsibilities and priorities: You will own backend feature development end to end, spanning data models, testing, scalability, operability and ongoing metrics. We work in Elixir: however, languages can be learned. We put more emphasis on your general engineering skill and willingness to learn than knowledge of a particular language or framework. We need you to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the backend as we continue to push technology forward. Some technologies that we use we don't expect you to know all of these but some familiarity would be great: Elixir Functional programming eg. Clojure or Haskell Ruby on Rails Python PostgreSQL Qualifications/Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Professional experience using Elixir Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs. 6+ years of professional experience in software development 3+ years of exposure to building API clients Back End Engineers: Professional experience using Elixir (must have) Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, continuous integrations, testing, and operations Hands on experience with cloud based platform capabilities We believe that culture should be at the cornerstone of everything we do at PepsiCo eCommerce. Operating with a start up mindset, we’re agile, innovative and not afraid of failure. We want our team members to come to work every day excited to explore new ways of bringing enjoyment, refreshment and fun to the world. So if you’re looking for the chance to create once in a generation disruption, let’s connect. Relocation Eligible: Not Eligible for Relocation Job Type: Regular All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity Our Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other applicable laws, including but not limited to, San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901 4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance; and Chapter XVII, Article 9 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code, commonly referred to as the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy Please view our Pay Transparency Statement We are on a mission to make the world smaller with one Gesture at a time. Being one of the newest on demand companies in the market, we live out our company mission by helping to provide the solution to the age old problem of overpriced “gifting.” With Gesture, anyone can easily send flowers, wine, champagne and so much more from all across the nation starting at $20, with free delivery and no surprise feesHelping you stay connected one Gesture at a timeWe are looking for a great Remote JavaScript Developer Intern who is proficient with Reactjs to join our team! Your primary focus will be on developing user interface components and implementing them following well known Reactjs workflows. You will ensure that these components and the overall application are robust and easy to maintain. You will coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure. A commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and quality products is importantResponsibilities: Developing new user facing features using ReactjsBuilding reusable components and front end libraries for future useTranslating designs and wireframes into high quality codeOptimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web capable devices and browsersQualifications: Thorough understanding of Reactjs and its core principlesAbility to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirementsExperience with popular Reactjs workflows (such as Flux or Redux)Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object modelExperience with data structure librariesKnowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web TokenFamiliarity with modern front end build pipelines and toolsExperience with common front end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etcAbility to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirementsFamiliarity with code versioning tools {such as Git, SVN, and Mercurial}Must have a go getter and self sufficient type of perspectiveKnowledge of GSuite, Slack, and Zoom or similar applicationsWe encourage you to visit yourgesturecom at your earliest convenienceWe look forward to meeting you soonJob Type: InternshipPay: $001 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Internship Compensation:College Credit Hi All,My name is Guru. I am a Staffing Specialist at Rivi Consulting Group. I am reaching out to you on an exciting job opportunity with one such direct client. If interested call me at 678 909 0600 EXT 304 or email me your latest resumeJob title: React developerJob location: New York, NYRole OverviewAs a Front End developer, you will design and/or develop informative, interactive, well designed web sites to support business strategy. You will contribute to solution specifications and develop the solution to client specificationsResponsibilities:Design, code, test, debug, document and implement applications using JavaScript, ReactJSDevelop proof of concepts and prototypes of easy to navigate user interface (UI) that consist of graphics, data visualizations, icons and color schemes that are visually appealing, responsive, and accessibleIncorporate appropriate security into front end software to restrict access to appropriate system components and authorized usersCreating high performance web applications for data visualizationEnsure that applications are compatible across multiple computing platforms and browsersManipulate images for incorporation into interactive front end system componentsSkill requirements:4 7 years of Professional experience as a Web developerWorking knowledge of building and securing Web Applications3 4 years of solid experience working with Reactjs.Advanced knowledge of Redux, immutablejs.Solid understanding of Server Side development tools, transpilers and preprocessors (Babel, Webpack, SASS, LESS).Good understanding of Life cycle components and core principles of Reactjs.Good understanding of principles of front end testing (unit, integration).Bonus points:Understanding of GraphQLWorking Experience in Agile/Scrum environmentsGood to have:Understanding of Git, Git flow and command line toolsComfortable writing own APIs and querying databasesUnderstanding of AWS InfrastructureFinancial industry experienceJob Type: Full timePay: $65,93100 $154,90300 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftExperience:React: 3 years (Required)javascript: 5 years (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 Work with cutting edge technology. Data Science is in the DNA of Aspen Capital and we hope it is in yours as well. Join us as we rewrite the rules of residential and commercial mortgages and real estate. We are a private equity firm based in Portland, OR and New York, NY. We utilize data and technology to enhance business insight, propel growth, transform our investment strategies and business operations, and execute industry leading deals. The unique Aspen Capital worldview is reflected in a nimble, efficient organizational structure that allows the company to capitalize on market demands, seize business opportunities and excel in a wide range of roles including investment, lending and servicing, acquisitions, management, joint ventures, asset management, recapitalization and advisory services. Aspen Capital is currently seeking a full stack Senior Software Engineer. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work with a talented team of engineers to improve Aspen’s enterprise business software and analytics frameworks. You’ll help to build secure, scalable, and fast tools to make processing data, generating analytics, and reporting within our teams seamless and easy. This position will be an anchor tech lead for our New York office. We are in a phase of rapid growth driven by increasing demand for our services. To meet this demand, we are looking to hire exceptional developers to work alongside our existing team. Together driving our platform and services forward. Day to day you willContribute to the definition, architecture, and design of software components, solution designs, tools, and testsEnsure high availability and reliability of business applicationsDebug production issuesHelp coach and grow our team professionallySet and maintain high quality standards for the team’s workCommunicate risks and plans to mitigate themContribute to a culture of team accomplishment and collaborationUnderstand deeply how business drivers impact our priorities and planning What you bring to AspenBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related engineering field5+ years demonstrated experience deploying web applications in AWS or a major cloud providerHave a strong command of distributed systems and modern data processing architecturesAbility to take a project from requirements gathering through launchStrong data modeling and SQL skillsExperience with Databases such as Redshift, Postgres, SQL Server in Azure/AWSExperience with Java, Vuejs/React, NodejsProven success coaching less senior team membersHave proven and recent experience leading projects We offer competitive salary and a great benefits package including medical, dental, and vision insurance, covering 100% of the employee premiums and 50% for dependents. We provide life insurance, short & long term disability insurance, 15 days of PTO, 8 paid holidays and a 401(k) plan with company match up to 4%. We have a dog friendly work environment, and casual dress. We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by lawWe maintain a drug free workplace and perform pre employment substance abuse testing. At Northwestern Mutual, we are strong, innovative and growing. We invest in our people. We care and make a positive difference. Overview At Northwestern Mutual, we are strong, innovative and growing. We embrace cutting edge technologies to enable our business to grow at an unprecedented rate and are looking for great people to help drive this transformation. Our Team Within the Fintech space, our Algorithm team works at the intersection of technology and financial modeling. In 2018, our small team of talented engineers sought to re architect our core financial planning algorithm from the ground up, utilizing functional programming in Scala to radically rethink how heuristics based financial modeling can be implemented at scale. In 2020, we are taking this approach further with a directed acyclic graph (DAG) based approach to data modeling and projection, allowing us to expand our problem solving approach into realms of Mathematical Optimization (ie. Linear/Mixed Integer Programming) and stochastic modeling. More than anything we are seeking to explore and develop novel new ideas in programming and personal finance. Your background Experienced application developer with 2+ years of professional experience. Additional consideration given to engineers with: A demonstrated knowledge of Scala / Haskell or other Functional Programming language Experience working on large scale applications built on the JVM Personal open source projects hosted on a public code sharing website (ie. GitHub) Familiarity in the Financial Domain. We believe in Domain Driven Design, having worked with financial concepts and the willingness to engage with Product and QA in discussions of product intent. The ability to design clean concise code that mirrors domain concepts. Comfortable being vocal in code reviews and able to articulate and defend design decisions or critique those of other engineers, while providing specific examples or other evidence as support. BS/MS or higher in Computer Science or related field of study Bonuses: Practical DevOps/Infrastructure experience (AWS, Kubernetes, Docker, New Relic, etc.) Library or framework design experience Programming language / compiler design experience #LI post This job is not covered by the existing Collective Bargaining Agreement. Grow your career with a best in class company that puts our client’s interests at the center of all we do. Get started now! We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age or status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law. Company Description About Twitter Twitter, Inc. (NYSE: TWTR) is the best and fastest place to see what’s happening and what people are talking about all around the world. From breaking news and entertainment to sports and politics, from big events to everyday interests. If it’s happening anywhere, it’s happening first on Twitter. Twitter is where the full story unfolds with all the live commentary and where live events come to life unlike anywhere else. Twitter is available in more than 40 languages around the world. The service can be accessed at Twittercom and on a variety of devices. For more information, visit abouttwitter.com Company Highlights Founded in 2006 Headquarters in San Francisco, CA Revenue in 2019: $346B 70% of users are international 3800 employees globally Job Description Senior Software Engineer: Health Core Infrastructure Are you an engineer who’s passionate about defending online users against abuse, spam, and manipulation? Health is Twitter’s top priority and we need your help. We build and maintain the large scale, low latency distributed systems that power Twitter’s real time feature computation, rule engine, and data exploration tools that keep spam, abuse, and adversarial accounts off of Twitter. If you want to work on a team that does some of the most interesting technical work at Twitter, protects people from real harm, and has executive level visibility, then this is the team for you. Who We Are We’re a team of systems engineers that builds and maintains the core infrastructure helping to protect the health of the public conversation. We’re motivated by interesting technical challenges our real time feature computation and rules engine runs thousands of rules on half a million events per second as well as internal and external customer impact. We work closely with our customers in Trust and Safety, User Services and Data Science to provide a platform for technical and nontechnical customers to deploy new features and rules at scale in seconds. Our work sits at the intersection of a number of interesting disciplines. We do large scale real time event processing that needs to catch some of the smartest adversaries. Our flexible platform serves numerous important internal customers. And we build and maintain a grammar, compiler, and tooling for a Turing complete rules and feature computation language. We deploy continuously, write unit tests, and do code review. What You’ll Do Here are some of the daily duties of the role: Extend the functionality of the platform, including new language features and new integrations with other systems, to serve our customers’ needs. Profile and stress test to surface inefficiencies in our system. Tune cache and storage to optimize our runtime performance. Diagnose issues and debug across the entire stack. Work with platform services we depend on, including storage, messaging and data platform teams. Give conference talks, write blog posts, and otherwise evangelize Twitter health engineering internally and externally. Lead small, hungry project teams to impactful infrastructure wins. Communicate with stakeholders and build consensus around the technical roadmap. Qualifications Who You Are You’ve built and maintained a large scale distributed system before and have the scars to prove it. You value deleted code and code never written just as much as the code that you do write. You’re willing to be coached and to coach others. You know when it’s okay to take on technical debt and you eventually pay it down. You can balance quality work vs customer requests vs new features. You can make the right product and technical decisions independently. Requirements: BS, MS, or PhD in computer science or a related quantitative field with 3+ years of software engineering experience Fluency with at least one of the following languages: Scala, Java, C/C++, Python, or any functional language (we primarily use Scala) Feel equally comfortable with SQL and noSQL data storage systems, Experience with designing, improving, and debugging complex, scalable distributed systems Experience with writing tests for production software Experience operating production software in a UNIX/Linux environment Some familiarity with classical computer science algorithms (eg. tree traversal) Additional Information Here’s all the legal good stuff: We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Company Description Our company is a leading IT services, consulting and outsourcing company delivering exceptional business solutions and customer value to its customers worldwide. We offers end to end innovative and leading edge solutions to help corporations leverage technologies, outperform their competition and acquire sustainable growth. We have proven capabilities in new and emerging technologies and extensive experience across a broad range of industries and domains which enable us to deliver world class, secure, scalable and reliable business systems. We have achieved many distinctions and milestones of outstanding success during the course of its evolutionary journey. Job Description Develop and implement solid, scalable and flexible solutions utilizing Platform as a Service (PaaS) services. Must have knowledge of working with Azure Web Apps, Azure Web Jobs, Azure Functions, App Services, App Insight, Azure ARM template based deployment, SQL Azure database, storage services container/blobs, Resource Group Must have knowledge of working with Azure DevOps, and Git based repository Must have knowledge of automating build process using Azure DevOps build definition, automating Azure deployment process using release definition. Strong hands on understanding of scalability, security, high availability and operational requirements Qualifications null Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Summary Posted: Oct 28, 2020 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200192191 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Do you want to build state of the art systems used by millions of users every day? WPC Payments Web Engineering is the place to be if you are passionate about working on awesome technology that impacts our millions of users daily. As part of the WPC Payments Web Engineering team, you will have the opportunity to explore and contribute to a wide variety of interesting projects. We would love to hear from you if you're enthusiastic, highly motivated, and want to make an impact! Be a part of an innovative impactful team making a difference. Key Qualifications Experience serving in a Senior role within a larger consumer facing web engineering team Experience building pixel perfect, robust and, accessible user interfaces on the web Experience in Single Page Application architecture Proficient in at least one JavaScript framework like Angular, React, VueJS, or equivalent Experience with CSS3 and Less/Sass (ability to write mixins, partials, functions, etc) and usage in large scale applications Expertise in front end design and JavaScript libraries such as AngularJS, ReactJS, jQuery, and VueJS Passion for building a rich and innovative user experience Strong computer science fundamentals in design, data structures, and problem solving Description As a Senior Front End Web Engineer you will be responsible for building the next generation of user experiences for payment management. We need a highly motivated and skillful engineer to work with HTML, Typescript/JavaScript, and CSS/Sass and related tooling, frameworks, and libraries. Attention to detail and a dedication to deliver a high quality, stable delivery is essential. To be successful you are self motivated; driven to achieve and exceed commitments. You also need to exude strong collaboration skills and possess a strong passion to work in a growing, energizing environment of innovation. If you want to be part of this amazing team, this position is for you. Responsibilities of the position include the following: Build pixel perfect, robust and, accessible user interfaces on the web. Drive independently a project from inception to production deployment with a strong focus on performance and robustness Follow our software development process including writing unit tests, perform code reviews etc. Ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly Work effectively with cross functional teams to develop features Provide support for production deployments Demonstrate ability to deliver results on time with high quality Education & Experience BS in Computer Science or equivalent, MS preferred Senior Software Engineer – BackEnd / Delivery Platform, PromoteIQ Microsoft Advertising PromoteIQ provides intelligent vendor marketing solutions for the next generation of e commerce. Our platform helps retailers implement, automate, and scale their brand funded digital vendor marketing programs. We sit at the intersection of marketing and e commerce and have a singular mission of empowering retailers and brands to maximize their e commerce performance. We embody a strong startup culture that values diversity, collaboration and craftsmanship and above all else, results. Our bias towards execution balances critical thinking, root analysis and pragmatic problem solving. We expect a lot from one another and value our thoughtful and intellectually curious company culture. Microsoft Advertising PromoteIQ is headquartered in New York City and supports a global footprint of e commerce retailers and brands. The company was acquired by Microsoft in Aug, 2019 and continues to operate as an independent division within Microsoft Advertising. Learn more at PromoteIQ. This role is based in our SoHo/NYC office. Microsoft Advertising is a worldwide Sales, Marketing and Services organization on the cutting edge of the digital advertising industry. Microsoft Advertising offers a compelling portfolio of advertising products, innovative solutions and the opportunity to engage with some of the brightest minds in the digital industry. Microsoft Advertising is the destination for experienced, collaborative, and passionate digital advertising professionals seeking a rewarding career and lifestyle. Who we’re looking for We are hiring for a back end Senior Software Engineer on our delivery team to help expand our growing suite of e commerce advertising products. Engineers on the delivery team work together to build high availability low latency distributed services serving requests from around the world. Team projects include everything from implementing complex pricing algorithms to optimizing resource utilization and improving system resilience. This is an exciting opportunity to participate in the innovation and evolution of a large and rapidly changing industry, at a scale very few other places can match. You will be part of a passionate and growing team who takes pride in their work, and cares about their colleagues. If you are someone who takes ownership of your projects and thrives in a dynamic environment, then let's chat! Our Culture: Microsoft Culture Responsibilities Design and implement new features and enhancements to our platform Design and implement hard real time decisioning algorithms and service with strict SLAs Ship high quality, well tested, secure, and maintainable code Provide thought leadership and architectural expertise, and manage cross team integration Participate in design discussions about new features and ensure real time technology integrates seamlessly with other pieces of the platform Work collaboratively and communicate effectively with engineering and product teams Lead greenfield / R&D projects and take joy in experimentation Drive project delivery and quality metrics Participate in an on call rotation Qualifications BS/MS/PHD degree in Computer Science or related technical experience Strong theoretical fundamentals including, but not limited to: data structures, algorithms, time complexity and space complexity, lock free data structures, multi threaded architectures etc. 7+ years of professional experience designing and building software 5+ years of experience building enterprise scale high performance, multi threaded, distributed systems and applications 3+ years experience designing and building in Java [Spring boot etc.] or equivalent object oriented programming language [GoLang, Python, C++ etc.] 3+ years building enterprise scale resilient/fault tolerant global services Who you are?: Highly energetic and proactive with strong leadership skills Enjoy making sense of chaos and solving for scale Passionate about the latest developments in technology You are excited to innovate and understand the balance between trying something new and doing something tried. You ask thoughtful questions, aren't afraid to fail, and constantly seek to be better. A collaborative team player with the ability to shift gears quickly and who enjoys working with their colleagues Dependable and reliable with clear thinking and attention to detail #PromoteIQ #MicrosoftAdvertising Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. The New York Times is seeking a creative and motivated software engineering intern to join the Research and Development team this spring. In this role, you will be embedded on a team of engineers, designers, journalists and creative technologists and contribute to the work of one of our research areas. This internship is for currently enrolled undergraduate and graduate students, or those who graduated Spring of 2020 or later. To Apply: Please include links to a portfolio of related work and a code sample on your resume. About Our Team: Every day, journalists at the New York Times report more than 200 stories from dozens of countries around the world on topics ranging from major international events to the best way to roast a chicken. Those stories are read, listened to and watched by millions of users across our web and mobile products. The New York Times R&D team explores the near future of news and information by identifying emerging technologies and shifting user behaviors that may influence journalism. Exploration areas include machine learning (like natural language processing and computer vision), spatial computing (like 3D graphics and AR/VR), and media transmission (like capture and transmission of audio, video, or 3D content) for journalism. We explore potential scenarios and identify opportunities for taking action, using a mix of strategic forecasting, human centered design, and speculative prototyping. With these insights, we develop new technical capabilities that can be employed in the service of journalism. During the Internship, You Will: Have the opportunity to focus on one engineering project for the duration of the internship. Recent R&D intern projects have included exploring new ways to navigate travel content using NLP, building augmented reality story formats, designing the interface for an AI assisted newsroom tool, and using computer vision to more accurately search The Times’ archives. Join an interdisciplinary team of engineers, designers, journalists and creative technologists. Be matched with a teammate to guide you throughout the summer. About You: You have a portfolio of school and personal projects in topics related to the R&D team’s research areas. You have hands on experience with at least one specialized technology relevant to R&D research areas such as: WebGL, gaming engines (Unity, Unreal), or machine learning frameworks (pytorch/Tensorflow/Caffe). You have a solid grasp of basic web development, and know how to deploy apps to the cloud. You enjoy finding creative solutions to technical challenges. You have an interest in journalism and a desire to build amazing, innovative experiences for our readers. You are entrepreneurial and self sufficient. You're a curious person — you continually seek out additional knowledge and viewpoints. You have an enthusiasm for The New York Times and its products/experiences. About Our Summer Internships: The program is 10 weeks long. You will work remotely during the summer Interning at The New York Times is a unique opportunity to work at a historic and innovative global media organization dedicated to enhancing society by creating, collecting and distributing high quality news and information. We run a week long maker event during the summer, where Design, Product, Project, Marketing and Technology come together You will be helping to power, distribute and expand what is possible for our award winning journalism. NYT interns benefit from competitive pay, great perks and influential networking opportunities. The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply. The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. Waymo is a self driving technology company with a mission to make it safe and easy for people and things to get where they’re going. Since our start as the Google Self Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has been focused on building the World’s Most Experienced Driver in hopes of improving the world's access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. Our Waymo Driver powers Waymo One, our autonomous ride hailing service, as well as Waymo Via, our trucking and local delivery service. To date, Waymo has driven over 20 million miles autonomously on public roads across 25 US. cities and conducted over 15 billion miles of simulation testing. Hardware Engineering is a diverse, innovative, and collaborative group of electrical, mechanical, reliability, software and vehicle engineers. We design, build, and perfect the products which are the eyes and ears of Waymo's self driving systems, and integrate those products into vehicle platforms. We're seeking curious and talented teammates to keep us moving in the right direction. In this Software Engineering role, you'll: Collaborate with engineers from different teams such as planning and perception to benchmark and characterize our compute workload Create and deploy low overhead tools to our fleet to further our understanding of the dynamics of our systems Use this understanding of our workload to optimize the performance of our systems At a minimum we’d like you to have: BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience 5+ years of industry experience with C/C++ and while working on performance critical real time systems It’s preferred if you have: Extensive knowledge of computer architecture Experience with a diverse set of hardware such as CPUs, GPUs, DSPs, Neural network accelerators etc Experience with benchmarking and performance optimization of complex systems The Role We are looking for a passionate backend engineer who is enthusiastic about and has experience building scalable, low latency and secure systems. At Peloton, you will have the opportunity to rapidly change the face of the fitness industry. You will be working in a high velocity software engineering environment, in a team, building systems which service fitness content to all Peloton consumers over connected and digital devices. You will be responsible for leading large scale projects, collaborating within the team, and with cross functional teams on estimating project scopes, setting milestones, as well as identifying project risks and dependencies. Responsibilities Design and Development Assume technical responsibility for new services and functionality, lookout for opportunities for platform improvement, and work with engineers to scale our production systems. Identify and lead technical initiatives to build clean, robust, and performant applications. Contribute to the design of software architecture and development of new features and functionalities in the stack. Mentorship Lead, coach, pair with, and mentor junior backend software engineers. Mentor software engineers from diverse backgrounds to nurture a culture of ownership, learning, automation, re use, and engineering efficiency through the use of software design patterns and industry best practices. Engage in code reviews helping maintain our coding standards. Drive Large scale Projects Collaborate with cross functional team members from Product, Design, Program Management in order to deliver against quarterly and annual roadmap objectives. Handle planning and breaking down large projects into milestones and identifying risks and dependencies. Qualifications Experience in building scalable backend framework that supports a rapid growing user base 8+ years of software development experience Experience building Python or Java based backend framework at scale Experience with designing RESTful API Experience with working on service oriented architecture and RPC design Experience with concurrency and parallelism in Python and/or Java Experience with data modeling and at least one database engine (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redis, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc.) Experience with developing secure API endpoints Deep understanding of HTTP, TCP, SSL in API context Ability to own and deliver end to end API functionality from design/architect, to implementation, to testing, to production release and monitoring Ability to accomplish complex engineering task independently Ability to manage complex cross team coordinations and work closely with product owners Ability to evaluate and communicate different engineering solutions and trade offs BS. in Computer Science, Engineering or in similar discipline years of work experience Bonus Points Experience working with gRPC and designing microservices from ground up Solid understanding of clean software design principles Github project(s) or contribute to open source communities Worked in a Test Driven Development environment before Experience in building secure consumer facing APIs Diverse knowledge of other programming languages and frameworks Continuous build experience in an Agile Environment Experience leading backend development and engineering Please note: This is a full time position that will be remote initially (due to COVID 19) and based in our New York City HQ once it is safe to re open the office. About Peloton Founded in 2012, Peloton is a global interactive fitness platform that brings the energy and benefits of studio style workouts to the convenience and comfort of home. We use technology and design to bring our Members immersive content through the Peloton Bike, the Peloton Tread, and Peloton Digital, which provide comprehensive, socially connected fitness offerings anytime, anywhere. We believe in taking risks and challenging the status quo by continuously innovating and improving. Our team is made up of passionate brand ambassadors, and we know that together, we go far. Headquartered in New York City, with offices, warehouses and retail showrooms in the US, UK and Canada, Peloton is changing the way people get fit. Peloton has been named to many prestigious industry lists, including Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies, CNBC's Disruptor 50, Crain's New York Business' Tech25 and Fast50, as well as TIME's Genius Companies. Visit wwwonepeloton.com/careers to learn more about joining our team. Embedded Software Engineer US citizenship required Expedition Technology is seeking a highly motivated Embedded Software Engineer to work with some of the brightest professionals in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Bring your passion for embedded software, digital signal processing and FPGA development to create new and innovative system solutions with a team that is leading the way in developing AI driven applications for the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community. We are seeking an individual who is able to: Develop embedded digital processing architectures used for signal processing, high speed data transfers, and machine learning on a variety of embedded platforms Demonstrate experience with Software Defined Radio (SDR) and GNU radio (We use Ettus.) Implement complex system algorithms and interfaces in FPGAs for Radar and EW systems Interact with system engineers to drive requirements, develop FPGA architectures, make system trade decisions, implement, test, and verify designs through simulation and lab test Develop embedded software for devices with tight memory and processing resources while delivering real time embedded components operating in a challenging and demanding environment Use their C/C++ or Python skills for bare metal embedded programing Develop, build, and debug Real Time Operating System (RTOS) environments Provide technical advice to shape the process and methods needed to design, develop, test and maintain and enhance real time embedded applications Utilize their experience with lab equipment: oscilloscopes, voltmeters, basic operational amplifiers, power supplies, spectrum analyzers, analog to digital and digital to analog converter circuits Define embedded architectures that include partitioning of hardware, FPGA, and software resources to achieve an implementable solution Interact with clients as well as the system engineering team Develop and document technical capabilities for customer presentation Collaborate with multi disciplinary teams on existing and new system solutions Required Qualifications : US Citizenship all employees MUST be US Citizens due to the requirement of obtaining and maintaining a US Government Security Clearance of Top Secret or higher. Education BS or higher in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related field, advanced degrees welcome and encouraged Experience 5+ years of embedded system development, 5+ years of FPGA development Languages C, C++, Python, Verilog, VHDL, plus scripting languages Operating Systems – Ubuntu Linux (as development environment) Must be eligible to obtain and maintain, or currently possess a US Government Security clearance of Top Secret or higher active TS/SCI preferred. Desired Skills & Tool Experience: XILINX SOC implementations Cross compiling, GCC, toolchain management Experience with radar and communication signals, digital signal processing techniques Experience developing embedded software for devices with tight memory and performance constraints Comfortable with RTOS principles like memory management and caches, pointers and memory addressing, inter process communication Understand and leverage data structures: struct, array, linked list, queue, hash tables Experience with Machine Learning and Deep Learning Vulnerability research, reverse engineering with tools like IDA Experience with encryption and compression Preferred languages Python, Bash, GNU Make, C++ Active US Government Security Clearance (TS/SCI) strongly preferred Expedition Technology (EXP) is an employee owned defense and aerospace technology small business that has become a market leader in developing software applications running advanced machine learning algorithms for the DOD and Intelligence Communities. We offer a collaborative team based culture, a people first mentality and a focus on cutting edge solutions. We offer self directed, company paid, medical, dental and vision benefits. Additionally, our team enjoys a 401k with up to 12% company match, equity shares, paid holidays, paid time off, tuition reimbursement programs and a student loan repayment option. Most importantly, we offer an environment where we are encouraged to push boundaries, take risks and enjoy the rewards. EXP is proud that our dynamic and collaborative culture along with our generous benefits package allowed us to earn a spot on the 2019 Washington Business Journal's Best Places to Work List. If you are interested in seeing for yourself why our employees' voices made us a Best Place to Work, we'd love to talk with you. EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes a diverse range of talent creates an environment that fuels creativity and innovation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic information or protected veteran status. Strength in Trust Our goal at OneTrust is to bring the power of trust to companies all over the world. Using cutting edge technology and a real world approach to ethics, compliance, privacy, security, and third party risk, we've created a no nonsense platform to help supercharge the global push for trust. The Challenge We're looking for a senior level UI Developer, with a passion for solving problems, to join our agile Data Governance team at OneTrust. UI Developers are responsible for developing new interfaces while supporting existing components for our industry leading privacy, security and trust platform. Your Mission Lead development of web and mobile interfaces for product module or new prototypes using HTML, CSS, JavaScript/Typescript, Angular Achieve at least 40% code coverage for UI, or per the revised standards set by the team, with corresponding unit tests Work closely with PM/Product Owner, Designers and other developers, contribute to planning and grooming sessions and drive team's discussions on system architecture and component design Support the team to ensure all committed stories for the sprint are completed per the sprint goal Review team members' code and provide corrections and feedback in a professional, skill building way Help junior developers how to follow development testing, exploratory testing, AI testing and/or test automation Work towards reducing total number of defects in the module/product to industry standards by catching and fixing issues early in development Ensure critical and high priority CII's are delivered per SLA Help build high performing teams, grow and mentor the technical skills within the team and create development opportunities for them You Are Comfortable with complex codebases Able to accomplish multiple sophisticated software development tasks with minimal direction A self learner who is open to new technologies, processes or techniques to improve your ability to deliver high quality software Someone with a strong sense of ownership and experience delivering creative solutions for complex problems Comfortable flagging unrealistic timelines, asking questions to clarify gaps in understand, or conducting continual check ins with Product Your Experience Includes Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical or business field 6+ years front end development experience Front End Development Skills (HTML5, CSS and JavaScript, AngularJS, React or other (MVVM) frameworks) Agile development experience Continuous Integration/Deployment DevOps mindset Test Driven Development (TDD) using modern technologies (Karma, Jasmine, Mocha, etc) Working on enterprise scale projects Experience mentoring junior team members Extra Awesome Recent development experience using Angular 8 framework Experience working in a similar industry to OneTrust Experience managing junior team members Our Commitment to You When you join OneTrust you are stepping onto a launching pad — the countdown has begun. The destination? A career without boundaries working alongside a diverse and inclusive crew who is passionate about doing meaningful work. As a pioneer, your voice and expertise will help chart the direction of an entirely new industry — Trust. Our commitment to putting people first starts with you. Your growth is part of the mission. Our goal is to give you the power to embark on the next phase of your uniquely, unique career OneTrust provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Worldwide TechServices is a global leader in delivering technology services and solutions to the world’s most demanding clients. Our Software solutions team, headquartered in New York City’s financial district, is where we build solutions for clients looking to solve the most complex digital business challenges. This position is for our Software solutions team and is based in New York City. As the PHP Developer, you will be responsible for managing back end services and the interchange of data between the server and the users. Your primary focus will be the development of all server side logic, definition and maintenance of the central database, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front end. Responsibilities Integration of user facing elements developed by front end developersBuild efficient, testable, and reusable PHP modulesSolve complex performance problems and architectural challengesIntegration of data storage solutionsCreating database schemas that represent and support business processesAdditional requirements may exist if offer of employment is extended Education and Experience: Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent amount of experience; or additional education with less experienceGood understanding of fundamentals and concepts of Cake PHP and Core PHPAbility to develop and manage e commerce websites, web applications, other websitesUnderstanding of open source projects like Joomla, Drupal, WordPress, osCommerce, Open cart etcKnowledge of OOPS & DatabaseDemonstrable knowledge of web technologies including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX etcAnalyze, debug, and test codeWrite well engineered source code that complies with accepted web standardsPossess strong problem solving skills, including ability to address issues in collaboration with others as appropriate. Experience in a web environment requiredUser authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environmentsIntegration of multiple data sources and databases into one systemFamiliarity with limitations of PHP as a platform and its workaroundsProficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GitAdditional requirements may exist if offer of employment is extended Skills: Strong written and oral communication skills Attention to detail and excellent organizational skillsAbility to plan and prioritize effectively to meet deadlinesAbility to work in a fast paced changing environmentHigh capability with and understanding of technology Build cooperative relationships with peers, coworkers and customers Requirement : Oracle PL/SQL DeveloperMust have a minimum of 5+ years of PL/SQL development experience with Oracle 11g /12c databaseMust be well versed with database concepts as well database designStrong, hands on Oracle PL/SQL resource with data modelling experienceExpert knowledge in PL/SQL including complex joins, table partitioning, analytical functions and regular expressionsDevelop efficient PL/SQL programs to access Oracle databasesAbility to Create stored procedures and functions for reuse and maintenanceDesign modular applications using packagesManage data retrieval for front end applicationsInvoke native dynamic SQL to develop high level abstract codeNeeds to work with business for requirements gatheringExcellent communication skills as candidate needs to work with business sideMust have good debugging skillsMust have good experience in understanding the business/functional requirementsMust be a team player, and must have experience working with a large teamStrong problem solving and interpersonal skillsJob Types: Full time, ContractPay: $2500 $3000 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Full Time Opportunity:NoWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 At Great Jones, we're out to build the leading full service operating platform for lower scale residential rental real estate: tens of millions of single family homes and apartment buildings without on site management, collectively worth trillions of dollars but underpenetrated by technology to date. By combining technology and design with best in class operations & growth leadership, we will unlock the asset class from previous constraints posted by operational headaches. Technology penetration is low here vs. other asset classes, which just means we have lots of greenfield technology to build! As a Senior Software Engineer Backend Engineering you can expect to: Build a Mint/Robinhood style app so owners can see and manage their rental properties in real time from wherever they are with the power of real time data, smart home automation, and predictive analytics at their fingertips Build an Uber style interface so residents can request maintenance, rate their service experiences, pay their rent, or perform any other interaction or communication Build and optimizing systemized workflows for everything from leasing to leaky faucets to property optimization Discover new and creative ways to comb through massive public data troves to source and close new potential customers Thinking "technology first" is the key to pushing the frontier for customer experience, scalability (3 5x+ efficiency vs. competitors), and value creation in this multi trillion dollar space. Let's eliminate the pain of rental ownership and renting. In this position you will roll up your sleeves, work closely with our product & engineering teams, and help build the foundation of various software components. Because we are so greenfield and nothing quite like this has ever been built before, your team will be working with the latest and greatest technologies including AWS managed services, serverless components, GraphQL, and NLP! Your team's work delivering software that delights our customers and their tenants, automates and instruments a traditionally low tech industry, and enables controlled and elegant scaling of the business will be an absolutely crucial part of that journey. Responsibilities: Work with a Lead Software Engineer and peer engineers to develop new and existing full stack software systems to the highest technical, quality, and accountability standards Collaborate with a cross functional team of designers, product managers, and analysts to develop high quality technical solutions to customer and business problems Engage in code reviews and help to define and maintain high standards of code quality Collaborate with other Technology team members and leaders to refine best practices and processes Stay current on leading edge technology to help the organization stay at the forefront of industry innovation Professional Qualifications: Equipped with 3+ years of professional programming experience, time at a rapidly growing technology organization is a plus Proficient in at least one programming language (Python, Go, Nodejs, Ruby, or something similar) Backed by a strong understanding of software engineering principles and fundamentals, like data structures and algorithms Enjoy building new products from scratch, not just improving existing ones. You've thrived in similar situations in the past. Successful in an agile work environment, breaking down large pieces of work to deliver value incrementally Product sensibility; you have worked closely with product management and design and consider yourself a user centric thinker Knowledgeable about modern relational databases, such as PostgreSQL, Oracle, or MySQL Experience with AWS is a plus Personal Characteristics: An entrepreneurial, product focused producer who loves to build innovative solutions in clever ways You are energized by bringing technology to an older school industry starved for it. You aggressively push the boundaries of how to leverage cutting edge technology to create a deeply differentiated experience You have delivered elegant, user centric experiences amid high complexity perhaps for multiple user types A quick learner with a can do attitude A friendly and open minded communicator Eager to be involved in all stages of the product development lifecycle, from concept through deployment Self starter mentality, yet a team player with a collaborative approach Attention to detail, strong written and verbal communication, and exceptional professional maturity About Great Jones: Great Jones brings ease and performance to rental ownership and living, starting by reinventing property management for the several trillion (!) dollars in rental homes owned by small scale investors. We're replacing an experience that has historically been heavily operational, low tech, and stressful with one delivered through modern software, thoughtful experience design, real benefits of scale, and the right blend of local & centralized operations. By providing a seamless, full service experience for owners and residents, we aim to make ownership worry free and more profitable for the 25 million Americans who own rental homes. In doing so, we become the operating system around our owners' most valuable investments, as well as our residents' homes. And we're doing this within an enormous addressable market, with highly attractive unit economics, where competition is deeply fragmented and notorious for subpar service. We are growing rapidly with nationwide expansion on deck headquartered in Manhattan with on the ground operations in 20 markets across 9 states. Our leadership team has built digital platforms and operational machines that have powered hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of transactions for marketplace businesses like 1stdibs, Skillshare, and Warby Parker. We've raised over $30 million (including our recently closed Series B) from top investors including Crosslink Capital, Navitas Capital, Zigg Capital, Juxtapose, and top NYC angels & real estate entrepreneurs including Kevin Ryan, David Rosenblatt, and Jason Finger, who have founded or led companies such as Seamless, Gilt Groupe, MongoDB, DoubleClick, 1stdibs, Floored, and others. Required: Bachelor's Degree in computer science or a related field. Technologies: Java/Java EE, Multi Threading, Nodejs, D3 and Javascript. Project Scope: Perform requirements analysis, design, development and testing of client applications for various purposes. This role is required to design and develop the integrated platform for OTT (Over The Top) service ecosystem. Utilize experience of software technologies like Java/Java EE, Multi Threading, Nodejs, D3 and Javascript. Development, testing and deployment of web servers which will serve the health information to users through a dynamic web page. Design, development and testing of Android applications using Google TV platform. Communicate effectively with customer, account team and other internal stakeholders on overall testing and project status Design and development of platform layer for Google Widevine DRM technology. Interaction with third party vendors to understand problems and provide solutions. Validation and certification of third party software. Miscellaneous activities as assigned. Send resume to HR@VRNetworkscom Monument is an online platform for those looking to change their relationship with alcohol. We connect members to a free anonymous community, therapist led groups and a collection of resources to provide the support and information they deserve. Members seeking medical treatment are introduced to a licensed physician and a specialized therapist to develop a personalized treatment plan specific to their goals. Monument is affordable, accessible, and research based, so a healthy relationship with alcohol is attainable and celebrated by all. We’re looking for a staff software engineer to join our (currently remote but eventually) NYC team. We're looking for a passionate, experienced engineer well versed in Nodejs, Postgres and AWS infrastructure. You'll to help us lay the foundation for a sustainable, performant codebase. You'll define best practices for the tech team and mentor other engineers to help them get up to speed. You'll work closely with product, operations and marketing to build software that meets customer and internal needs. About the Role Contribute to designing a highly secure, highly available architecture. Mentor and pair with other engineers. Collaborate with a diverse team of product and operations business leaders, therapists, and clinicians to build the key components of our rocketship: Chat, video calls, and communication tools Integration with pharmacy fulfillment Scheduling / matching tools Take ownership over features from end to end, using your own judgment to manage priorities. What We're Looking For 5+ years of software development experience. An affinity for creating software that is extensible, performant, and easy to read. Experience building apps with Nodejs and Postgres. Track record of shipping products that drive company goals. Excellent interpersonal skills including direct and compassionate communication. Experience configuring and maintaining production scale AWS environments. What You'll Get The ability to directly contribute to people’s treatment journeys and help a huge population of people significantly improve their lives The opportunity to join an incredibly passionate, compassionate, respectful and fun team who listens to and learns from each other every day. (We cannot wait to welcome your own values to expand our company culture!) Competitive salary Generous stock option plan Medical, dental and vision insurance Upward mobility and growth opportunities within a well funded startup. Monument is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We nurture authenticity. The current team includes sober people, parents, queer people, nonbinary folks, single parents, men, women, and more. Job Title: Software Engineer No. of Openings: One (1) Duties: Interact with current and prospective clients and understand end to end business requirements for software applications Create requirements artifacts like Use Cases, Activity Diagrams, and Sequence Diagrams using Unified Modeling Language (UML) Author technical specifications using artifacts such as Class Diagrams, Entity Relationship diagrams, Data Flow diagrams Design, develop and implement code using technologies like Java, J2EE, ASPNET, C#, HTML, CSS, XML, XSLT, PL/SQL, Visual Studio .NET, Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, Linux, Windows OS, etc. Develop mobile applications for iOS, Android and Windows based devices using front end mobile technologies like HTML 5, Javascript, Sencha Touch, JQuery Mobile, PhoneGap Implement Big Data solutions using technologies like Apache Hadoop, NoSQL, and MongoDB Create test plans, write test cases, automate test scripts and utilize standard testing frameworks to execute the test cases and perform unit testing, integration testing and regression testing. Requirements: BS in EE, Computer Science or Engineering with 5 years progressive experience, or MS in EE, Computer Science, or Engineering Days/Hours: Monday – Friday 9:00am. – 6:00pm. 40 hours per week Contact Person: Send your resume to: info@nucleus corpcom About Ro Founded in 2017, Ro is a patient driven telehealth company that puts you in control of your health. We’re patients, just like you, building technology to make healthcare accessible, affordable, and maybe even enjoyable. Ro powers three digital health clinics Roman for men’s health, Rory for women’s health, and Zero for fighting smoking addiction as well as Ro Pharmacy, a simple and affordable online pharmacy where every medication is $5 per month. The company’s nationwide networking of physicians and pharmacies provides a personalized, end to end healthcare experience from online treatment to the delivery of medication and ongoing care. Ro was named #2 in Wellness on Fast Company’s 2019 list of the World’s Most Innovative Companies, listed by Inc. Magazine as a Best Place to Work in 2020, and earned its Great Place to Work Certification in 2020. As one of our most senior individual contributors on the team, you’ll work as a technical lead on specific projects critical to Ro’s foundation, focusing on areas such as data and infrastructure. We’re looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas in all areas, including large scale systems designs, distributed systems, data structures, distributed queueing, testing, and reconciling events. You’ll drive technical strategies and roadmaps and mentor junior engineers to tackle platform challenges around growth and scale. What You’ll Do:Architect, design, implement, test, deploy, and operate backend data systems and services, working with some of the largest datasets at RoAdvocate for technical and architectural excellence. Promote high quality standards in engineering best practices that exemplify core tenets of Ro’s solutions in code consistency, performance, and scalabilityStrive for product empathy, thinking holistically through all aspects of the product and systems we’re buildingLead designs of major software components, systems, and features spanning across Ro’s platformHelp build teams and cultivate partnerships and collaboration cross functionally with product, design, and dataCoach and mentor junior developers, performing code and architectural reviews What You’ll Bring:Proven success in fast paced and flexible software engineering teamsDemonstrated abilities in architecting and developing solutions to ambiguous problems with significant impactExtensive experience designing, building, testing, and scaling highly reliable backend services and distributed data processing servicesA deep understanding of system design, data structures, algorithms, and distributed systemsStrong coding skills with an interest and ability to learn other coding languages experience in Python & Go are a plusAn ability to problem solve and pragmatically execute strategiesOutstanding communication skills, an ability to tailor communication styles to different audiences in an engaging and respectful manner Benefits + Perks:Full medical, dental, and vision insurance + OneMedical membershipHealthcare and Dependent Care FSACommuter benefits401(k)Unlimited PTOFitness reimbursementPaid maternity/parental leaveThe cutest office dog you’ve ever seen We welcome qualified candidates of all races, creeds, genders, and sexuality to apply. See our California Privacy Policy here. WE ARE A TRANSFORMATIONAL PARTNER We marry design and engineering language in ways that produce impactful and memorable experience journeys. We partner all the way to continuously improve our clients’ digital maturity. Our Studio network brings the optimal combination of skill, scale, and cost for each stage of the product development lifecycle. And to do this we need great transformational people that want to impact the projects and organizations that they work with. We are looking for an exceptional Full Stack Engineer to work with our cross functional team, and join our world class community of talented experts. Core to this need are expertise in: Java Angular Microservices Full Stack experience React (plus, but not required) Ideally you will also have: Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics (Graduate Degree always is a plus) 5 7 years experience in Full stack development An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment A spirit of collaboration and transparent communication A natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc) We are a thriving Community of top technology talent that is globally connected. We Engage, Make, Run and Evolve the technology that makes many brands that you know and love. So let’s take this journey together. No matter where you are on your digital career roadmap, we can help you grow and have fun doing it. Cognizant Softvision is an Equal Opportunity Employer. No 3rd Party Agency Candidates. Senior Software Engineer 75604 Technology and Engineering USA New York, New York Nielsen Sports Senior Software Development Engineer Java Nielsen Sports is the premier provider of analytics and insights within the growing sports industry, offering the most reliable source of independent and holistic market data in the industry and the most complete view of consumer trends and habits worldwide. Combining solutions from sponsorship effectiveness to fan data capabilities with Nielsen’s understanding of consumer behavior and media consumption means Nielsen Sports is uniquely positioned to help businesses maximize their commercial success. We are looking for a passionate engineer to help drive our effort for working on analyzing sports content on social media sites. Working closely with product and engineering teams, you will help drive and develop critical solutions for Nielsen clients that will help expand our footprint in the brand detection space. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop and maintain software components that ingest data from social networks Collaborate with peers on technical design, work estimation, and implementation of new features Create appropriate unit tests Perform code reviews as needed System troubleshooting and problem solving across the platform Suggest and implement best practices and architecture improvements Collaborate with technical program managers, product managers, and other engineers on feature definition and scoping QUALIFICATIONS: 5 10 years of development experience (Java preferred, but not required) BS or MS in a STEM field, or equivalent work experience Knowledge of DB technologies, (MySQL or equivalent) Elasticsearch or similar experience Familiarity with Web Services and network standards (eg. DNS, HTTP, REST, API Gateways, OAuth) Cloud based development experience (AWS is preferred) Experience with Kubernetes Experience with working with geographically dispersed teams Great communication skills #LI MF1 ABOUT NIELSEN As the arbiter of truth, Nielsen Global Media fuels the media industry with unbiased, reliable data about what people watch and listen to. To discover what’s true, we measure across all channels and platforms⁠—from podcasts to streaming TV to social media. And when companies and advertisers are armed with the truth, they have a deeper understanding of their audiences and can accelerate growth. Do you want to move the industry forward with Nielsen? Our people are the driving force. Your thoughts, ideas and expertise can propel us forward. Whether you have fresh thinking around maximizing a new technology or you see a gap in the market, we are here to listen and take action. Our team is made strong by a diversity of thoughts, experiences, skills, and backgrounds. You’ll enjoy working with smart, fun, curious colleagues, who are passionate about their work. Come be part of a team that motivates you to do your best work! Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Job Type: Regular Primary Location: New York,New York Secondary Locations: , , , Travel: No MUST HAVE SKILLS: AWS Amazon Web Services, Python, Data Validation, Amazon Redshift, Data Warehouse, Analytical Skills Job Role Data validation tool Product integrity function Very strong in python scripts and developers Good in python to compare data from different data sources S3 bucket, MySQL, AWS, Unstructured data This is a Shared Services team Retrieving data from SQL statements and therefore both resources need to have this knowledge of SQL statements 1 resource Strong in Python and the other Strong with data validation and some python Job Responsibilities: Competence in writing clean, bug free code as per defined standards (appropriate variable declarations, class/method design, non redundant and optimized code) Ability to write unit test cases and test their code accordingly Awareness of technologies used in their project and coding practices and tools Ability to translate design/program specification to clean code Knowledge of using code repository tools and build automation Communicating promptly and clearly with all stakeholders Maintaining a cohesive spirit to accomplish team responsibilities Accurately reporting status of assignment and escalating issues and risks in a timely manner Learnability (ability to learn new things quickly with minimal assistance) Keeping abreast of latest technologies and trends About Us Taptap Send is VC backed (including by Reid Hoffman), rapidly growing and a great place for those looking for both impact and a fast paced tech startup environment. Read more about the journey in Reid Hoffman’s words. Our product is an app based solution that lets immigrants send money back home to emerging markets instantly and at very low prices. Since launching in summer 2018, we’ve already moved tens of millions of dollars and reached tens of thousands of customers. We’re live in seven European countries, and we support payments into Senegal, Mali, Guinea, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Cameroon and Bangladesh; with lots more countries launching soon. Global remittances account for over $500 billion annually, most of which moves back into developing countries. But the market is dominated by traditional services that are expensive, can take days to arrive, and have limited reach in rural areas. We're helping people to send that money instantly and securely at a fraction of the cost. In addition to Reid Hoffman, we are backed by Canaan, Flourish Ventures, Helios and others. Our team is based across London, New York, Paris and Brussels and we pride ourselves on hiring exceptional talent our team members come from a wide variety of top tier tech companies, professional services firms, and industry leaders, including Twitter, Yahoo, Amazon, Google, McKinsey, Bain & Co, KPMG, Cravath, and Vodafone. To continue our rapid growth, we're looking to bring on people who are passionate about our mission and excited to work in a small start up environment. We have competitive salary and stock options and great benefits, and we were recently rated one of the best companies to escape to by Escape the City's "Escape 100". The Role We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our small but growing engineering team to scale our consumer facing product! You will work closely with Product, Operations, Customer Support and other functions to build out a reliable, performant, and secure platform for handling remittances across countries. As an early member of the team, we hope you will also have a lot of impact on our team culture, processes and norms. Taptap Send is a cross platform mobile app developed with React Native and Flow, which talks to a backend service written in Kotlin and backed by a PostgreSQL database, all of which runs on AWS and is managed via Terraform and Ansible. This is a backend focused role, but you will have plenty of opportunities to work on all parts of our tech stack. We’re excited to grow the team in order to tackle our upcoming challenges, which include scaling up to handle increased volume, improving UI and UX to drive growth and retention, handling increasingly sophisticated fraud attacks, building internal tools for our customer support and acquisition efforts, and much more. You are Excited to join a small, growing team, working across all parts of the stack and collaborating on product decisions Great at balancing speed of execution with writing clean, well designed code A clear communicator who believes in communicating kindly but candidly Passionate about using your engineering skills to make the world a better place Excited to be a part of an inclusive culture where everyone brings their whole selves to work Requirements 5+ years of full time software development experience, or equivalent Experience working on systems that have real world performance and reliability constraints Experience with commercial cloud environments, preferably AWS Experience developing software in a collaborative, cross functional, and fast paced team environment Nice to have but not required Experience implementing complex integrations with third party APIs Experience working with Infrastructure as Code technologies, like Terraform and Ansible Experience with SRE or similar infrastructure work Experience with Data Engineering concepts and workflows Benefits Competitive salary (based on experience) Medical, vision, and dental insurance Unlimited leave Flexible hours Regular team events Weekly team lunch and free drinks in the office Professional development opportunities (eg. language lessons, trainings, etc.) Buy whatever tech equipment you need Values Taptap Values represent the core of who we are: Impact first. Team next. Accept reality, propose solutions. Win with grit. Be proactively candid, with yourself and others. Love the particular. Own it. Create positive energy. Maybe, even have fun. Hi All,My name is Guru. I am a Staffing Specialist at Rivi Consulting Group. I am reaching out to you on an exciting job opportunity with one such direct client. If interested call me at 678 909 0600 EXT 304 or email me your latest resumeJob title: React developerJob location: New York, NYRole OverviewAs a Front End developer, you will design and/or develop informative, interactive, well designed web sites to support business strategy. You will contribute to solution specifications and develop the solution to client specificationsResponsibilities:Design, code, test, debug, document and implement applications using JavaScript, ReactJSDevelop proof of concepts and prototypes of easy to navigate user interface (UI) that consist of graphics, data visualizations, icons and color schemes that are visually appealing, responsive, and accessibleIncorporate appropriate security into front end software to restrict access to appropriate system components and authorized usersCreating high performance web applications for data visualizationEnsure that applications are compatible across multiple computing platforms and browsersManipulate images for incorporation into interactive front end system componentsSkill requirements:4 7 years of Professional experience as a Web developerWorking knowledge of building and securing Web Applications3 4 years of solid experience working with Reactjs.Advanced knowledge of Redux, immutablejs.Solid understanding of Server Side development tools, transpilers and preprocessors (Babel, Webpack, SASS, LESS).Good understanding of Life cycle components and core principles of Reactjs.Good understanding of principles of front end testing (unit, integration).Bonus points:Understanding of GraphQLWorking Experience in Agile/Scrum environmentsGood to have:Understanding of Git, Git flow and command line toolsComfortable writing own APIs and querying databasesUnderstanding of AWS InfrastructureFinancial industry experienceJob Type: Full timePay: $65,93100 $154,90300 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftExperience:React: 3 years (Required)javascript: 5 years (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 Brand Overview: ascena retail group, inc. is a leading national specialty retailer offering apparel, shoes, and accessories for women under the Premium Fashion segment (Ann Taylor, LOFT, and Lou & Grey), Value Fashion segment (dressbarn), Plus Fashion segment (Lane Bryant and Catherines), and for tween girls under the Kids Fashion segment (Justice). ascena retail group, inc. operates ecommerce websites and approximately 2,800 stores throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. Ready to apply? We currently have an opportunity for a Front End Developer A/B Testing to join our team located at our Times Square Tower ANN New York, NY 10036. Position Overview: **Position can be remote or in NYC Office** Front End Developer A/B Testing About the Position: The A/B Testing / Front end Developer is supporting our Optimization, Personalization program for AnnTaylorcom, LOFTcom, Anntaylorfactorycom and LOFTOutletcom web and mobile experiences. The ideal candidate is a recent college graduate or an experienced professional primarily responsible for using Adobe Target and Analytics to design, build, run, and analyze experiments and personalized experiences across Ascena brands. You will be responsible for helping to deliver and improve the customer experience across client’s digital channels. Key Responsibilities and Duties: Design Adobe target technical solutions to drive multi touch/multi channel marketing, defined by the client's journey Deliver against the website optimization and personalized experience strategies across the website and other touch points. Liaise with product manager and UX design to build new UI and functionality Debug, troubleshoot, and fix the configuration and integration issues. Partner with the analytics teams on measurement across customized site experiences Communicate and partner with upstream and downstream teams regarding the execution against the desired testing strategy Drive technical effort working with IT partners, site management and creative to ensure timely execution of testing and/or personalization cadence Develop JavaScript, CSS, and HTML Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or IT 1+ years of experience Working experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Javascript Frameworks (such as BackboneJS, React, Emberjs, Vuejs or Angular) Knowledge with A/B testing and site personalization technologies, preferably leveraging Adobe Target as a platform Ability to learn new technologies at high level to identify use opportunities Self motivated, responsive, professional with problem solving, and solutions oriented mindset Solid organizational, presentation, and communication skills (verbal and written) Ability to learn quickly, be a team player, and manage change effectively #LI LL1 Location: Times Square Tower ANN New York, NY 10036 Position Type: Regular/Full time Equal Employment Opportunity The Company is committed to hiring and developing the most qualified people at all levels. It is our policy in all personnel actions to ensure that all associates and potential associates are evaluated on the basis of qualifications and ability without regard to sex (including pregnancy), race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability that can reasonably be accommodated without undue hardship, genetic information, military status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected classification under federal, state, or local law. We do not discriminate in any of our employment policies and practices. All associates are expected to follow these principles in all relationships with other associates, applicants, or others with whom we do business. Corporate Remote Location ANN New York, NY 10036 About The Opportunity: Grubhub is the nation's leading online and mobile food ordering company, dedicated to connecting hungry diners with their favorite local restaurants. The people who work at Grubhub are our company's greatest asset; each person at Grubhub plays an integral part in building tools and technology that help restaurants succeed, and in cooking up fresh new ways to delight our diners. The company’s online and mobile ordering platforms allow diners to order directly from more than 55,000 takeout restaurants in over 1,100 US. cities and London. The Grubhub portfolio of brands includes Grubhub, Seamless, AllMenus, and MenuPages. We want you to enjoy where you work, who you work with and what you work on. At Grubhub, you can order your cake and eat it too! An engineer in the cloud infrastructure team is responsible for building the frameworks and platform on which all of grubhub’s services are built and operate along with a number of key services. This team is at the core of implementing distributed, scalable system foundations and designing for 5 9’s uptime and horizontal scalability. Candidates in this space should have a strong desire to drive innovation by building feature rich, scalable systems that are conducive to evolution. Work on the Java and scala frameworks all our services and their testing are built on as well as the services that comprise our platform on which services operate. This in includes our netty based traffic router and load balancer that sits between clients and all services handling millions of requests every day. The Impact You Will Make: Help build multi datacenter, performant and highly available services, and the frameworks to support them Use and help drive the building, requirements, and usage of a continuous delivery environment Help build and support frameworks to interact with various cloud technologies Communicate with leadership, product owners, other technologists, and users to create working software based on an understanding of business and technical priorities Actively contribute to the adoption of strong software architecture, development best practices, and new technologies. We are always improving the process of building software; we need you to help contribute What You Bring to the Table: Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Programming or Engineering related field 2+ years experience building highly scalable consumer facing applications (e commerce preferred) Java, C#, or a similar modern object oriented language Experience architecting, designing, and developing testable, fault tolerant, and performant software AWS experience, or similar cloud based offerings Automated testing experience applicable for services (junit/testing, mockito + jmeter/gatlingio) Strong fundamentals (data structures, algorithms) Familiarity or experience developing highly available distributed systems (5x9’s uptime etc.) Interested in working for a fast paced tech and product oriented company Professional Cassandra experience Docker, or similar containerized solutions Mesos or Kubernetes Hot hot multi data center distributed services And Of Course, Perks!: Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees are provided a generous amount of time to recharge their batteries. Health and Wellness. We provide programs that support your overall well being such as generous medical benefits, employee network groups, company wide fitness challenges, and a comfortable and casual workplace! We also support our parents by offering 8 weeks of paid parent bonding time, a 4 week returnship program, and 6 8 weeks paid medical leave. Learning and Career Growth. Your personal and professional development is a priority at Grubhub. From day one, we empower you to lead and be an active participant in your career growth. We provide continuous learning opportunities, training, and coaching and mentorship programs. MealPerks. Who’s ready for some lunch? We provide our employees with a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants. We also offer company wide meals several times a year to bring our Grubhub family together. Fun. Every Grubhub office has an employee led Culture Crew that connects people through fun, meaningful events and initiatives. Some of our popular past events include: Wing eating contests, Grubtoberfest, 5k Runs, Bring Your Child to Work Day, regular happy hours, and more! Social Impact. We believe in the importance of serving the communities that support our business. In addition, employees are given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them. Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the US. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhubcom and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this e mail address. BlockFi’s mission is to provide liquidity, transparency and efficiency to digital financial markets by creating products that meet the needs of consumers and corporations across the globe. We build bridges between traditional finance and digital markets that enable growth for all participants. BlockFi is seeking a Quantitative Developer to build products & tools for its rapidly growing and industry defining Financial Services team. This role presents a once in a lifetime opportunity for the right candidate that is interested in applying technology expertise to business and commercial needs, working alongside sales & trading teams. The role is a perfect fit for someone who is a self starter, has creative capabilities, and can discover and master new tools and technologies to fit the job. Interest in finance is a plus, passion for crypto is required. Responsibilities Oversee front end development for internal and external applications Rapidly create and maintain front ends that scale tactically with business and client needs Design holistic systems that interact well with data pipelines and data streams Qualifications Full stack development mindset, comfortable working in any part of the stack and learning on the job Must be adept in Javascript and Python. Strong competency in at least one Javascript framework. Interest in learning Svelte is desirable. 3+ years of experience creating front ends for highly scalable & delightful CRUD applications Comfortable integrating front end with REST and websocket APIs Comfortable integrating front end with auth pipeline (eg., auth0) Familiarity with backend numeric tooling (eg., pandas, numpy) Familiarity with creating web applications using Flask/FastAPI/Nginx or similar. Experience with building robust APIs preferred Comfortable with doing DevOps work to facilitate a robust environment for the above Ability to work in a fast paced environment with a risk management mindset Why BlockFi? BlockFi has experienced incredible growth since our launch in August 2017. From raising over $100MM in debt and equity capital to helping thousands of clients (and growing!) do more with their crypto assets, we have established a dominant position as the debt and credit crypto market leader in the US. As we expand our product suite and geographic footprint, our addressable market will grow exponentially. BlockFi's leadership team has decades of experience in the traditional financial services and banking world, and we take a conservative approach to regulation that will position us well for sustainable long term growth and expansion. Our team is comprised of highly motivated professionals from diverse backgrounds. We are aiming to become the leading lender in crypto and are poised to redefine the global financial ecosystem for the better. In addition: BlockFi is one of the first companies to ever offer crypto backed loans and the only company whose founding team has an institutional understanding of the debt capital markets and regulatory landscape in the US. $43MM of seed funding and $50MM in capital for funding loans $100 MM of Series A, B, and C funding led by Valar Ventures with participation from Susquehanna, Winklevoss Capital, Fidelity, Galaxy Digital, Akuna Capital, and Morgan Creek We are moving quickly and have already deployed substantial capital into the space, proving our ability to execute and capture customer demand We offer Competitive salary Unlimited vacation / sick days Employer paid health coverage (vision, dental, 401K) Work alongside an enthusiastic, collegial, and driven team in a highly meritocratic environment Weekly lunch, office snacks and coffee overview Top "Must Have" Skills for this job: Bachelor and/or Masters Degree in Computer Science (Required) 4 8 years of overall IT Professional Experience 4+ years of Software Engineering experience 3+ years of experience building SaaS Platforms 2+ years of Senior or Lead Software Engineering experience Strong experience with Ruby on Rails Selling Points: Newer Team, so lots of Internal Growth Opportunities Ability to work with cutting edge technologies Lots of autonomy in this role Meaningful stocks ownership Music for everyone, no credit card needed. It’s a promise our platform was built on. And here in the Free team, we’re still building on it. We work on a massive scale, bringing people from all kinds of disciplines and all parts of the business together to deliver an amazing freemium experience to more than 129 million users worldwide. Want to help shape the future of free? Here’s how. We are looking for Backend Engineers to join our Free Product engineering organization. Our team is charged with scaling Spotify’s Free Product. Your work will impact our 129 Million free monthly active users and millions of artists either by working directly on product features or publishing and insight tools. We are looking for engineers that share our common interest in distributed backend systems, their scalability, and continued development. You will closely collaborate with our internal customers to determine the best API and backend system design to scalably meet their needs. You will build the backend systems that power our application, scale highly distributed systems, and continuously improve our engineering practices. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. *Please note: this posting represents multiple roles across various teams, including a range of responsibilities and experience level* What You’ll Do Collaborate with key internal stakeholders to determine how to scalably design backend systems and APIs to meet their needs Architect, develop, and operate Java services deployed to millions of users. Work with data engineers to build and maintain batch and real time data pipelines with data processing frameworks like Scio, Storm, Spark and the Google Cloud Platform. Be a technical leader and valued contributor in an autonomous, cross functional agile team Collaborate with other engineers, product owners, and designers to identify and solve challenging problems, creating awesome music sessions for users worldwide. Be a leader of the Spotify wide backend developer community affecting and driving our architecture across the company. Work on what you want during regular hack days and annual hack weeks. Who You Are You have experience working directly with stakeholders to understand, document and develop APIs and systems to meet their requirements, driving increased adoption and reducing reliance on custom one off implementations. You have experience writing distributed, high volume services and know how to deploy and keep them running in production. You have interest in big data processing technologies. You love working in an environment where you constantly experiment and iterate quickly. You believe data is the most powerful tool for informed decision making. You have a deep understanding of system design, data structures, and algorithms. You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code. You are willing to work from our awesome office in New York. We offer relocation packages if you do not currently live in New York. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 230 million users. Blend helps lenders maximize their digital agility. Our digital lending platform is used by Wells Fargo, US. Bank, and other leading financial institutions to increase customer acquisition, improve productivity, and accelerate the delivery of any banking product across every channel. We process more than $35 billion in mortgages and consumer loans daily, helping millions of consumers get into homes and gain access to the capital they need to lead better lives. Blend is looking for talented software engineers to join our diverse and fast growing engineering team. As a software engineer, you’ll work throughout the stack, from large scale data processing to web UI. Specifically, you will be responsible for building new features and functionality enabling our company to deliver critical software to major mortgage lenders. If you are a developer with a deep understanding of CS fundamentals and are excited by a dynamic, collaborative work environment, we want to hear from you! Who you are: Excellent coding, problem solving, and debugging skills Strong communication skills and the ability to distill and convey complex information to multiple stakeholders Eagerness and ability to rapidly learn new skills, technologies and concepts, taking personal initiative to execute on projects Bonus Points! 4+ years industry experience as a software engineer Experience with JavaScript, React, Nodejs, Go, and Python Web app development experience 4+ years of experience in application development Benefits and Perks: Meaningful equity and a 401(k) plan Comprehensive health benefits Wellness benefits covering a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more Daily meal stipend for non regularly remote employees during COVID 19 (and lunch, dinner,snacks, and Pizza Fridays provided in offices outside of COVID 19) Diversity and inclusion training Weekly mindfulness meditation class Weekly remote company all hands 4 months of paid parental or personal leave Flexible work schedule, with open vacation policy and companywide mental health days during COVID 19 Work from home office set up stipend and internet stipend during COVID 19 Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable law, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Notice at Collection for California Applicants We are looking for a passionate Software Engineer to design, develop and install software solutions. Software Engineer responsibilities include gathering user requirements, defining system functionality and writing code in various languages, like Java, Ruby on Rails or .NET programming languages (eg. C++ or JScriptNET.). Our ideal candidates are familiar with the software development life cycle (SDLC) from preliminary system analysis to tests and deployment. Ultimately, the role of the Software Engineer is to build high quality, innovative and fully performing software that complies with coding standards and technical designResponsibilitiesExecute full software development life cycle (SDLC)Develop flowcharts, layouts and documentation to identify requirements and solutionsWrite well designed, testable codeProduce specifications and determine operational feasibilityIntegrate software components into a fully functional software systemDevelop software verification plans and quality assurance proceduresDocument and maintain software functionalityTroubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systemsDeploy programs and evaluate user feedbackComply with project plans and industry standardsEnsure software is updated with latest featuresSkillsProven work experience as a Software Engineer or Software DeveloperExperience designing interactive applicationsAbility to develop software in Java, Ruby on Rails, C++ or other programming languagesExcellent knowledge of relational databases, SQL and ORM technologies (JPA2, Hibernate)Experience developing web applications using at least one popular web framework (JSF, Wicket, GWT, Spring MVC)Experience with test driven developmentProficiency in software engineering toolsAbility to document requirements and specificationsBSc degree in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field, MS a plusFluent in Chinese (Must)OthersH1B Sponsorship is eligible for successful applicantsFully Remote until the end of the pandemic or will consider work at home permanently if situation is permitted****必须懂中文,请在申请时候把微信号放在resume上,我们招聘部门的同事会用微信和邮件联系你面试的时间。Please include your wechat ID on your resume, our recruiter will contact you through wechat or by email for your interview time slotJob Type: Full timePay: $83,40000 $117,50000 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:8 hour shiftLanguage:Chinese (Required)Work Location:Fully RemoteBenefit Conditions:Only full time employees eligible Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. The Web Performance team is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our mission to make Etsy’s web experience fast. The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative picture that includes the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such an outstanding, unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our groundbreaking continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and keeping up a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. As a member of the Web Performance team, you’ll help us with performance instrumentation and observability, help educate our teams about performance best practices, and help our teams resolve performance concerns. Our growing team requires someone who will thrive making technical contributions in a lively environment, but loves to have fun while they do so! This is a full time role open to remote locations in the US & Canada, or any of our offices. Job Description You’ll work with our product partners to proactively ensure their features are performant for Etsy’s web users. You’ll help partners understand what might be causing performance issues relevant to their work. You’ll detail and distribute knowledge of performance best practices across engineering at Etsy. We believe strongly in using both quantitative and qualitative methods to guide decisions. To that end, you'll not only use our in house analytics tools to capture information and gain insights, but you’ll also help build those tools. You'll also use Etsy's Continuous Deployment architecture to push code to production early and often (and you'll probably push in your first week here). The Web Performance team is in the Product Infrastructure org. Collaborating most closely with other specialist engineers in Product Infrastructure, and also building relationships with designers and engineers across product teams. Qualifications You have experience working with object oriented PHP and writing views in React and its cast of supporting libraries. You are comfortable writing JavaScript, both ES5 and ES6. You may have experience exploring performance issues within JavaScript libraries. Familiarity with browser and performance monitoring APIs, both in RUM and synthetic monitoring. You have solid understanding of browser performance metrics. You are familiar with the browser request and rendering “waterfall” and how to optimize it. Bonus points if you possess a skill set within data streaming, SQL, Google BigQuery, or other experience with large data sets. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. Kaia is a mission focused medical technology company: Kaia Health was founded in 2016 with the mission of bringing affordable and accessible relief to millions of chronic disease patients. Using innovative technology, we develop digital mind body therapies that provide better affordable care. Our first product is a clinically proven therapy for relieving back pain. Our mobile app gives users access to multimodal pain therapy, the gold standard of therapies in pain medicine. Kaia’s AI powered algorithm provides users with real time feedback on their exercise execution using their phone. In the near future, we will release digital therapies for COPD, Osteoarthritis, and Parkinson’s disease. Today we are one of the market leaders in digital therapeutics globally, with 400,000 users. We have raised a total of $50 million from investors like Optum Ventures, Balderton Capital and other top tier healthtech investors. We are building an exceptional team based in Munich and New York to succeed in our mission to bring affordable and accessible relief to millions. The role encompasses: Actively participate in product development and iteration within a cross functional, self managed team by participating in concept work and implementation Further develop our Ruby on Rails digital therapeutics platform by driving architectural decisions based on product vision to make it ready for new features, a growing user base, and multiple disease apps (back pain, knee/hip pain, COPD, and more) Mentor team members and help them grow personally and professionally Your Profile You are a strong coder with deep technical knowledge of backend development using Ruby on Rails Strong software architecture & data modelling skills and ability to base engineering decisions on product vision Strong knowledge of data structures, design patterns, and software engineering best practices Strong engineering background, preferably with academic training in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent practical experience Willingness and ability to work in a cross functional, product focused team, and the ability to actively participate in the conceptualization of future features Ability to speak and write in English fluently Ideally you also have: DevOps experience using Docker, Terraform, Elastic Beanstalk, Kubernetes You'll fit in with our company culture if you: Are user centric and view technology as a tool to improve a user’s life Have a bias for action; the world is complex and unpredictable place so starting, releasing, and getting feedback iteratively is the only possible path to success Strive to be articulate and humble, make the complex simple, present ideas openly, accepting that being wrong is part of the process Are not afraid of tackling problems that others deem impossible Thrive in an entrepreneurial team, adapt easily to change, and enjoy a fast paced environment Have worked in a fast growing organization before (preferred) Some of the benefits we offer: Opportunity to shape the future of digital health – one of the fastest growing industries A goal that allows you to grow with. We believe we have only built a fraction of what we have imaginedWork with an experienced founding team (previously founded and scaled Foodora) Flat hierarchies, flexible vacation and working times Personal development budget of 1200 Euro per year Free drinks, team events, knowledge sharing sessions, engineering library Some other things you will enjoy, specifically thinking about ‘the new normal’ post COVID19 We have a sustainable, long term impact: Most Kaianeers chose to work at Kaia and not at other companies simply because they want to have a lasting, positive impact on the world and not just talk about it. Providing remote access to the gold standard in management of chronic conditions already helps hundreds of thousands of users to reduce their suffering and win back quality time with their loved ones. Flexible working hours: You can manage your day so that it works for you and your family. We are interested in the outcomes of your work, not the face time you spent with work. Some more benefits listed on our website: https://wwwkaiahealth.com/about kaia/careers/ We value diversity and believe forming teams in which everyone can be their authentic self is key to our success. IT is more than just infrastructure, it’s the enabler of efficient and effective productivity. The engine that drives business agility and success. An enterprise with superior technological capability will have a competitive advantage over its competition. At Source Systems (SourceSystemscom) our mission consists of a multifaceted approach to building and testing the latest advancements in Cloud technology. Currently, companies such as Amazon, Google, and Microsoft Azure are offering their IaaS for the empowerment of growing and established businesses, however still at a very high cost and with limited adoption. In the coming years, cloud technology will be a ubiquitous implementation and the de facto standard for serious companies looking to create agility and take their fair share of the market’s profits. Enterprise solutions such a Microsoft SQL for databases, Maria DB, WHM, cPanel, LAMP stacks and Database performance tuning are projects that we actively research and develop. We have developed proprietary vApp automation solutions specific to the financial industry. This includes Data Aggregation, PHP/AJAX interactive applications, and server side scripts. Automated Platform IaaS deployment, analysis, visualization, machine learning processes, and artificial intelligence integrations. Creative and proprietary leveraging of cluster solutions such as Hadoop. Refined database tuning configurations and offloading high load Linux databases with independent installations of Maria DB and high performance Microsoft SQL Enterprise. Even harnessing of experimental technologies such as Scale MP’s Hardware Systems Compute Aggregation Solutions and future hardware technologies such as the Intel’s PHI Knights Landing co processors. We lead our efforts with professional training programs. Extensive material is provided to study in the form of workbooks, videos, PowerPoint and online LMS. In person and remote interactive webinar apprenticeship instruction from our Cloud Engineers and CTO for highly specialized support and staff. Hands on experience working with fully installed and configured instances for maximum depth of immersion and fast acclimation to control panels and workspace environments. Environments Include: 1. Hybrid Public and Private Cloud environments 2. VMWARE 3. ESXi Hypervisor 4. vSphere 5. vCenter Web Client 6. vRealize Operations Manager 7. vRealize Automation 8. Horizon 9. Fusion Pro 10. NSX 11. Full stack solutions LAMP, WAMP etc… 12. Hyper Converged Software 13. EVO SDDC 14. Remote Management 15. Virtual Appliances 16. vApps 17. Windows Datacenter 2016 18. Hyper V Roles 19. Virtualization 20. Microsoft System Center 21. Nano Server 22. Dedicated Servers 23. VPS’s 24. Networking For more information reference some of the videos below. http://wwwvmware.com/products/datacenter virtualizationhtml http://wwwvmware.com/products/vspherehtml http://wwwvmware.com/products/vrealize operationshtml http://wwwvmware.com/products/vrealize business for cloudhtml http://wwwvmware.com/products/vrealize automationhtml http://wwwvmware.com/products/nsxhtml Requirements Computer savvy. Passionate about technology. A team of 2 can exceed the productivity and output of over 20 Engineers with the right configuration and infrastructure deployment. Delivery of systems can now accelerate from weeks to minutes. The opportunity for employment in this field is replete and unquestionable. Companies are hiring faster than skilled engineers become available with yearly salaries far exceeding 100K per year. The possibility of full time employment with Source Enterprises’ or one if it’s subsidiaries and/or clients is an option for successful completion. The future of IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, and DaaS will all be run on the Hybrid Cloud on a Software Defined Data Center. Be a part of this invaluable experience and witness the next revolution in computing. Perpetual Learning is a learning platform development company. We help universities, corporations and non profit organizations build online learning experiences. We use a software platform called 'Open edX', which we help our clients Install, Configure and Customize. Skills & Requirements: Experience with contributing to free software projectsExperience writing software in PythonExperience with Python web frameworks, specifically DjangoExperience with HTML, Javascript, and CSS (jQuery or other)Familiarity working in a Linux environment, specifically Debian or UbuntuExperience with relational databases (MySQL)Experience with MonogDBFamiliarity with git source controlExperience with cloud computing, like AWS or OpenStackFamiliarity or willingness to learn about operating in an Agile Software Development environmentAssist leadership team with various technical tasks as they arise Following requirements are an added plus: Experience with unit testingSystem & network administration experience, especially Debian or Ubuntu serversExperience with configuration management tools such as Ansible Perks: Loft Space in Chelsea (NYC) with a startup vibeSnacks, drinks providedMonthly company outings/ events Send your resume to careers@perpetualnycom for consideration. OptionMetrics is seeking a Head of Software Engineering to join our team. You'll be hands on in developing applications accessing large financial data sets, managing and mentoring developers across locations, and working alongside the CEO to assist with strategies. You'll work with exceptionally creative and intelligent developers and quants, collaborating daily to brainstorm and implement our next generation of data and analytic information products. We're small, agile, casual (no suits – shoes optional), and passionate about our mission and the projects we create. Since we are self funded and profitable (no VCs!), we can afford to take the long view, emphasizing quality over expediency in all we do. As a member of our development team, you will have true ownership over your projects from beginning to end, with an emphasis on accountability over micromanagement. Our Technology Stack: Languages: Java, Python, C++ Databases: Postgres, MS SQL Server Frameworks: Spring Boot, Serverless, Vue Data Analysis: AWS EMR, Spark, Athena The Head of Software Engineering Will: Have at least 6 years of experience in software engineering, ideally with Java and some Python Have 2 4 years of people management experience over multiple locations, including hiring, coaching, mentoring, providing feedback, and career development for software engineers Be passionate about teamwork, collaboration, coaching, and mentoring software developers to deliver high quality software on time. You love developing and growing engineers and have a track record of doing so. Work with the CEO to develop architecture and big picture vision/strategies Partner with other teams to ensure timely delivery addressing business plans Have experience in cultivating a strong engineering culture in an iterative, agile environment Enjoy the challenge of researching data issues to maintain quality in our large data sets What We Offer: A collaborative environment where everyone's input makes a difference Paid time off: Vacation, Personal, Sick days, and Holidays Pre tax commuter benefits (NJT, MTA, etc.) and 401k plan offered Full medical and dental insurance coverage A bright, open office in Midtown Manhattan near Columbus Circle and steps from Central Park with a great view of Times Square The usual drinks and snacks (and we're still small enough to celebrate everyone's birthday with cake!) NOTE: This position will begin remotely with the expectation of returning to the office once practicable. OptionMetrics began over 20 years ago with the goal of becoming the world's most trusted provider of financial information and research derived from the option markets. Today, our data and analytics models are used by over 350 investment banks, hedge funds, asset management firms, and academic institutions worldwide. Full Stack .NET Developer / DBA / Software Engineer We are seeking a Full Stack .NET Developer / Web Application Developer / Software Engineer to join our team! You will develop and implement unique web based applications. Qualifications: Must have 5+ years of .NET development experience. Must have Database experience: 5+ years Oracle PL/SQL experience. Web/ Mobile programming: ASPNet, Java, MVC, Jscript, Angular JS, HTML 5, CSS3, Bootstrap. Must have Report Development experience: Business Intelligence, Crystal Report, SQL Reporting Services, P6 Analytics. Experience with Full Stack Web application development or SaaS (Software as a Service); UML is a plus. Must be a collaborative team player with good verbal and written communication skills. Experience with XML and Integration technologies is a plus. Advanced degree in a computer science related field or equivalent is a plus. Responsibilities: Full Stack Development. Design, create, and modify web application utilizing .NET Framework. Convert various data components to compatible web formats. Create back end code and interfaces for new web platforms. Analyze user needs to implement web site content, graphics, performance, and capacity. Integrate web sites with other computer applications. Keep up to date on web developments and trends. Desired Education: Bachelor's Degree or Advanced Degrees (MS, PhD) in computer science / engineering related fields. Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description Etsy is looking for a passionate Senior or Staff Android Engineer to join the Mobile Engineering team. In this role you will be working to create exceptional native experiences for our customers on Google’s mobile OS. You will need to be an amazing technical contributor who thrives in a busy environment. You will join a talented team of engineers who collaborate closely to deliver Android, iOS and APIs for our Android apps (and like to have fun while they do it!) This is a full time role located in Brooklyn, NY, or remote across the US & Canada, though this team works primarily east coast hours. Qualifications About The Role A minimum of five years of Android development Initiate the development of RESTful APIs that are specifically optimized for mobile clients. Exercise your background in Java, and Kotlin. Work with stakeholder teams across Etsy that don’t have embedded mobile developers to hear the problems they want to address, propose possible solutions, advise on tradeoffs, and implement high quality features while maintaining clear lines of communication. Confidently communicate technical issues with all necessary stakeholders (no matter the complexity). Lead in and/or work with others in tackling debugging. Lead and/or assist in executing any needed testing (units, functional, visual,etc). Continue to advance your skills in using modern mobile development technology in a collaborative setting. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. We are looking for a Staff Backend Engineer to join our Creator Studio engineering organization in our New York City office. Creator Studio creates Spotify native promotional tools like Marquee and Canvas for artists looking to promote new releases, catalogs or events. Our Tribe is uniquely positioned to work in both the consumer Spotify client as well as our Spotify for Artists platform. As a result, engineers in our Tribe are exposed to a broad set of Spotify features and services. You will grow the team and its customer teams by promoting sound engineering practices, drive work on technical strategy and roadmaps, regularly assess the technical state of teams, advocate for best practices broadly, and give focused support to specific teams as necessary. You will help ensure that our solutions are scalable, sustainable, architecturally sound, and that technical debt is both incurred consciously and repaid in reasonable time. You will also be expected to mentor other engineers as they grow. What you’ll do Be a technical leader and valued contributor in an autonomous, cross functional agile team and within Spotify in general. Contribute to the vision and long term strategy in your domain of expertise. Architect, develop, and operate Java services deployed to millions of users. Collaborate with other engineers, product owners, and designers to identify and solve challenging problems, creating awesome music sessions for users worldwide. Be a leader of the Spotify wide backend developer community affecting and driving our architecture across the company. Find ways to spread learning and knowledge sharing across the organization, leveling up our engineering practices and mentoring other engineers. Work directly with suppliers and partners to influence technical platforms and decisions. Initiate, influence and drive technical projects across multiple teams within Spotify. Who you are You have 8+ years of experience in software engineering. You have proven experience as a technical leader for a team or department. You have extensive experience working hands on as a Software Engineer in an agile environment. You have experience mentoring and supporting peers and engineering teams, fostering best engineering practices. You possess a deep understanding of how to translate product and business goals into tech. You have a deep understanding of system design, data structures, and algorithms and understand how to apply them to design pragmatic solutions. You are proficient in Java or Scala. In the past, you have solved problems that affect the larger engineering organization. You are passionate about developing products for hundreds of millions of consumers and platforms that are used by hundreds of business users and engineers. You are passionate about what you do and have a high interest in keeping up with current best practices in your areas of expertise. As a great influencer with great communication skills, you love sharing your knowledge with others and helping them grow. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 286 million users. Job Summary: Disney Streaming Services is an industry leader in providing over the top content solutions, including ESPN+ and Disney+ offerings. We strive to deliver live and on demand content to consumers with innovative features and best in class reliability. As a Sr. Software Engineer – Solutions Architect you will be responsible for the client engineering solution architecture and design, as well as integration and delivery for technology projects. It is the responsibility of the Sr. Software Engineer – Solutions Architect to coordinate with engineering leaders from various disciplines (client applications, commerce, content engineering, infrastructure, data/information, core services) to define the most effective solution to business problems, while also leveraging their knowledge of existing systems and services and the capabilities available in the marketplace. The ideal candidate should have full stack experience in mobile, web and OTT, and requires technical knowledge and skills that are broad and deep, covering various software and platforms. The candidate must be comfortable operating in complex heterogeneous technology environments and have experience with highly integrated and mission critical solutions. The candidate must possess the ability to share and communicate ideas clearly, both orally and in writing, to business sponsors and partners, technical resources, and executives, in clear concise language that is effective for each respective group. Responsibilities: Coordinate between business and engineering and product stakeholders to develop a solution architecture approach Assess market technology choices to determine fit. Translate complex functional, technical, and business requirements into architectural designs. Designs, develops, and dissemination technical strategy across front and back end engineering teams Interfaces with product and backend services representing all front end client apps Author and provide feedback on technical proposals and root cause analyses Basic Qualifications: 4+ years of experience in architecting and designing complex digital systems, SOA Services and databases in large companies Demonstrated experience in leading and managing large engineering initiatives across various teams. Required knowledge and understanding of technical/application architecture, application systems design and integration in a large heterogeneous enterprise environment with hands on experience in SOA, Web Services (SOAP, REST, graphQL), JavaScript, Kotlin, Swift, etc. Strong technical knowledge of digital environment including Mobile (Android & iOS architecture) and Web Apps, Messaging, Databases, Cloud, Big Data, Cloud, Infrastructure, Networks, and their Interactions Architect and design APIs via OpenAPI specification Experience delivering distributed systems in production environments Required Knowledge of industry standard project execution methodologies like Agile/SCRUM Proven experience influencing business and technology leadership Demonstrated skills in partnering with various architecture disciplines in software development Innovative ideas to reduce the overall cost of deliverables with improved quality and time to market Ability to learn and apply new technologies, quickly and effectively Strong analytical skills Excellent leadership, communication, facilitation and presentation skills Ability to multi task amongst several priorities. Strong ability to influence without authority Strong organizational and time management skills Required Education Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or relevant industry experience Discovery hires the very best and brightest talent who are enthusiastic and passionate to fulfill the company’s mission of empowering people to explore their world and satisfy their curiosity. In exchange for their talent and drive, employees are provided with an engaging, diverse workplace and the resources they need to learn, thrive and grow in their careers. Job Summary Discovery is looking for top engineering talent whose deep technical chops and problem solving skills are matched only by their passion for design and user experience. Our team builds the user experiences for OTT applications on Web, Android, FireTV, iOS, tvOS, Roku & Connected TVs. If you delight in delivering high quality, fast, and efficient mobile, web, and connected TVs applications to millions of customers, then this is the Discovery team for you. As television and media habits change, our mission remains true to the principles that founded Discovery – every day we seek to ignite people’s curiosity to engage, entertain and enlighten the world around them through amazing viewing experiences. We are the Product Engineering technology group for Direct 2 Consumer USA business, and responsible for building media streaming Mobile & OTT applications for 18 brands. Backed up by modern container based micro services operated on AWS, our front end applications build mobile experiences for search, catalogue, video streaming, personalization, subscriptions, payments, and really much more. Discovery is the largest provider of non fiction network programming in the USA with channels like Discovery, TLC, Animal Planet, Oprah Winfrey Network, Cooking Channel, Food Network, Travel Channel, and many more (total of 18 Discovery GO brands). This is a growing, global engineering group crucial to Discovery’s future. We are hiring Software Development Managers to join our team in New York. The ideal candidate has a track record of creating the identity for a team and defining how that team works within a larger organization. You have mastered the ability to delegate both tasks, and larger assignments to your team, and ensure that the right results are achieved even without your constant oversight. You are a technical leader that people turn to when they want to build something new as you can align with company priorities and processes and create new ones where needed. Responsibilities You understand a broad range of computer science concepts, and know how, when, and when not to use them. You can dive deep into a wide range of technical problems offering suggestions and feedback to your team. Your interest in computer science has not faded as you moved into a leadership role and you are still comfortable with technical detailsYou work with key stakeholders to deliver a high quality product ensuring that software development is and remains under control and on track at all timesYour written and verbal communication skills are top notch. You can distil key points out of complex technical descriptions to share with non technical stakeholders, adapting your language and style of communication depending on the audience. You communicate through data, dates, and facts using emotion judiciously to motivate and inspireYou lead by example and do not consider yourself above individual contributor work. You are comfortable teaching best practices by showing developers, not just telling people. Teams follow your lead because you are an inspirational leader, because you are right, and because you can show everyone high quality examples of your own workYou have demonstrated the ability to make great hiring decisions as is evidence by the performance of developers on your team, and you are able to retain and develop the best developersYou have demonstrated the capacity to make decisions for more than one development team or functional area showing that your judgment is fungible. Requirements Requirements 7+ years in a leadership role leading and managing software development team. Providing direction, setting goals, recruiting & mentoring both ICs and junior leadersProgramming & domain experience on Web Or Mobile technologies (Web 20, JS, Android and/or iOS). OTT experience a plus5+ years programming experience using Java, Python, JavaScript, Swift or other similar languageA bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent work experienceHands on expertise in disparate technologies, typically ranging from front end user interfaces through to back end systems and all points in betweenKnowledge of large scale application architecture, design, implementation and performance tuningExperience in modern DevOps/SRE practices such as CI/CD, performance monitoring & incident managementComputer Science fundamentals in object oriented design, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysisMust have the legal right to work in the United States. Discovery Communications, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Discovery is committed to being an employer of choice, not just a good place to work, but a great and inclusive place to work. To that end, we strive to recruit and maintain a workforce that meaningfully represents the diverse and culturally rich communities that we serve. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disabled status or, genetic information. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including but not limited to all local Fair Chance Ordinances. EEO is the Law Pay Transparency Policy Statement California Job Applicant Privacy Policy If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application process, please send an email request to HR@discoverycom. COVID 19 Hiring Update Dataminr is still actively hiring. As the health and safety of our candidates and our employees come first, we're excited to provide virtual experiences for interviews and new hire on boarding. This is an office based role, but we will provide all the necessary support to work remotely until our offices reopen. Minimum Experience: 7+ years Type: Full time Who we are: We are Dataminr. We are a mission driven company committed to the power of AI, public data, and real time information as a force for good in the world. Over the last decade, our team has established and refined the leading AI platform for real time event and risk detection. We surface the earliest signals of unfolding events and emerging risks within an increasingly diverse and complex landscape of publicly available information, enabling more effective risk mitigation strategies, faster response, and better crisis management. Dataminr serves thousands of professionals in 70+ countries by delivering timely, relevant, and actionable alerts to public and private sector organizations around the world. We've grown to over 500 talented employees across seven global offices and raised $392 million in funding in our most recent investment round. Our culture promotes cross team interaction, work life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it enables us to do our best work together, make a meaningful contribution, and have fun. Join us and help the world manage risk in real time. Who you are: You're a passionate technical leader who believes in building mobile apps that solve user's problems. Your inclination is to continuously improve the applications you work on and how you work. As much as you enjoy learning, you are also passionate about sharing your knowledge with your team and mentoring other engineers. This includes: Desire to spend most of your time modeling strong engineering practices through hands on coding Collaborate with User Experience, Product, and other engineers to design solutions with balanced tradeoffs (experience in Lean product development is great!) Break down complex deliverables into smaller, easy to release milestones Able to manage scope vs timeline conversations when organizing and leading initiatives Provide the technical vision that will enable us to build a great product Help form technical strategy to guide how we make technical investments (pay down tech debt) Implement well organized and tested code (Test Driven Development) Engineer with high frequency code integration (think trunk based development) Mentor team members in evolving their skills as software engineers Follow industry best practices and drive adoption on team (if it fits the job) Able to model continuously learning and improvement Participate in shaping the interview process and bringing in new team members Desire to build a high performing, cross platform mobile team The opportunity: The mobile engineering team is looking for a technical leader to partake in an ambitious revamp of our mobile product suite at Dataminr. In collaboration with design and product leaders, you would help define and build new mobile first experiences for our customers. As a Principal engineer, you would drive the direction of the architecture, tooling, team engineering practices. We are a small mobile team building the Dataminr mobile apps (two iOS and two Android), therefore we need to be focused on building the right features. As an agile team, we are inspired by XP practices, our methodology combines Kanban and Scrum principles. Our technical stack is currently a mix of native iOS/Android and React Native (w/ Redux). Here is a subset of the tools we use: IDEs: Intellij/Webstorm, Android Studio, Xcode Languages: JavaScript, TypeScript, Objective C, Swift, Java Testing: Jest, Mockito, assertj, Appium, XCTest, Android Espresso CI/CD: Gitlab, Google Firebase, Fastlane Why you should work here: We recognize and reward hard work with: company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, including medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance 401(k) savings plan with company matching flexible spending account for out of pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses We want you to be your best, authentic self by supporting you with: a diverse, driven, and passionate team of coworkers who want you to succeed individual learning and development fund and professional training generous paid time off; including sick leave and 100% company paid parental leave in office perks such as a kitchen stocked with snacks and beverages, and catered meals remote working friendly perks such as expanded telehealth options for mental and physical well being, virtual yoga, meditation and health and fitness app reimbursements …and this is just to name a few! Dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status. #li KP Locations New York, NY Experience Mid level Functions Consulting;Finance;Healthcare;Information Technology;Information Technology and Services Industries Financial Services;Healthcare Responsibilities: Works under the direction and supervision of application managers and project managers to help build the next generation of global financial data systems to support the client’s front office, middle office processes and back office risk, finance, compliance reporting, regulatory reporting, and capital markets and banking needs. Gathers information to assist with interpreting the business requirements. Design solutions based on the existing framework. Identify application and/or database problems and design solutions. Collaborate with business analysts and users to gather and understand the requirements. Interprets the feasibility of integrating the solution into the existing framework. Assists with the preparation of technical specifications. Conducts application tuning, prepares models and diagrams about the code restructuring and other efforts to improve the efficiency and reliability of programs. Code, unit test and deploy ab initio modules. Documents aspects of application changes including technical design and modifications. Makes the information available to all application groups. Deploys miscellaneous technical components (ie. scripts, AutoSys jobs). Improves the functionality of the system and address non conformities. Tracks changes and implements corrections in keeping with the release management processes. Interacts with sr. Software developers to perform implementations and guide production rollouts. Conducts data warehousing dimensional design patterns and fundamentals and leverages various ab initio components to develop complex batch and continuous graphs conducts database programming, performance tuning, relational model analysis and data migration including extractions, transformations, and loading. Must have Bachelors, or its equivalent, in computer science, engineering, or a related field + 2 yrs. experience. The position is in New York. Relocation to other parts of the US. may be available. If relocation is required, relocation assistance will be provided. Perry Street Software is Jack’d and SCRUFF. We are two of the world’s largest gay, bi, trans and queer social dating apps on iOS and Android. Our brands reach more than 20 million members worldwide so members can connect, meet and express themselves on a platform that prioritizes privacy and security. We are hiring experienced Android developers to help us build the next generation version of Scruff and Jack’d. We are a small, agile, nimble company, so the ability to make an impact is significant. The position is permanent and full time. Responsibilities Develop with the latest technologies in evolving the architecture for current and future needs in order to develop innovative, consumer facing mobile products, while supporting the product roadmap Work in an agile team with Product, Design, Support, and Marketing to respond to our users needs Help develop solutions end to end, from the design, to requirements, coding, refactoring, delivering, and maintenance Be a good communicator with both a local and remote team Nice to Have Experience with Swift Full stack knowledge of technologies like Ruby, SQL, Linux, React Native, and AWS would be highly desirable Experience with advanced animations Experience with MVVM architectures and Android Architecture Components Data driven mindset Work out of our New York City headquarters Talk to Us If you’re excited by what we’ve described, talk to us! Email jobs@scruffcom with Android Software Engineer in the subject line. Requirements Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in computer science, related field, or equivalent practical experience 3+ years of software development experience 1+ year of Android app development experience Experience using design and architecture patterns Strong knowledge of Java & Kotlin with the Android SDK Experience using RxJava Good sense of usability and product for mobile apps Strong sense of ownership, ability to work independently, and proven track record of driving products Shipped consumer Android apps, ideally available on Google Play Work with cutting edge technology. Data Science is in the DNA of Aspen Capital and we hope it is in yours as well. Join us as we rewrite the rules of residential and commercial mortgages and real estate. We are a private equity firm based in Portland, OR and New York, NY. We utilize data and technology to enhance business insight, propel growth, transform our investment strategies and business operations, and execute industry leading deals. The unique Aspen Capital worldview is reflected in a nimble, efficient organizational structure that allows the company to capitalize on market demands, seize business opportunities and excel in a wide range of roles including investment, lending and servicing, acquisitions, management, joint ventures, asset management, recapitalization and advisory services. Aspen Capital is currently in search of an Automation Test Engineer to join our team. This position designs tests, creates automated tests, participates in reviews, and performs exploratory testing. Our ideal candidate is hands on, proactive, performs well in small team environments, and is committed to ensuring software meets exceptional quality standards in a fast paced environment. We are in a phase of rapid growth driven by increasing demand for our services. To meet this demand, we are looking to hire exceptional developers to work alongside our existing team. Together driving our platform and services forward. Day to day you willContribute to design discussions with a focus on testability, simplicity and maintainabilityEvaluate, explore, and model the product and features working with developers and usersDesign, support and enhance existing automated tests and test suites as well as creating new onesCoach others on test strategy, test execution, and the use of test toolsWork closely with developers and product to provide early feedback on new featuresCoach and enable teams to make continuous improvements to product quality What you bring to AspenBachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent work experience3+ years of hands on experience in testing software products including writing, executing, and monitoring automated test suites using a variety of technologies favoring API and data testing experienceIntermediate to advanced knowledge of SQL, ability to write and analyze queriesBasic knowledge of the Git and Linux environmentExperience in test automation development using modern HTML test frameworks, frameworks like JUnit or TestNG, and experience using test cases management tools (like TCM or TestRail)Experience with CI/CD, cloud native architectures (AWS and Azure), and testing distributed systemsFamiliarity with testing microservicesExcellent written and verbal communication skillsAbility establish effective working relationships within the technical team and other departmentsStrong analytical, troubleshooting, problem solving skills with the ability to balance multiple projects and deadlines We offer competitive salary and a great benefits package including medical, dental, and vision insurance, covering 100% of the employee premiums and 50% for dependents. We provide life insurance, short & long term disability insurance, 15 days of PTO, 8 paid holidays and a 401(k) plan with company match up to 4%. We have a dog friendly work environment, and casual dress. We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by lawWe maintain a drug free workplace and perform pre employment substance abuse testing. WW is looking for candidates to help change people’s lives. We are a global wellness technology company inspiring millions of people to adopt healthy habits for real life. We do this through engaging digital experiences, face to face workshops and sustainable programs that encompass healthy eating, physical activity and positive mindset. By drawing on over five decades of experience and expertise in behavioral science, we build communities in order to deliver wellness for all. To learn more about WW and jobs with a purpose, visit http://wwwww.com/us/corporate careers Role overview As an Android Engineer you will be responsible for paving the path forward in our Android projects. Your tasks will include pushing the latest libraries, refactoring our code to Roxie (https://githubcom/ww tech/roxie) architecture, and administrating best practices. Working with and mentoring junior engineers. Key responsibilities If you have great Android passion and want to see your work appreciated by millions of users, the WW Mobile team is the place for you. We're not your mother's Weight Watchers! We're an agile tech startup within the organization. And we ship every 2 weeks, so there's always something exciting and challenging to work on. Working for WW means you get to write code that makes a huge impact on people's lives. You can be a force for good. We love developing the WW Mobile app with Kotlin using our open source architecture, Roxie (https://githubcom/ww tech/roxie), for devices running Android Lollipop (API 21) and newer. We use great libraries like Retrofit, RxJava2, Dagger, Android Architecture Components (specifically LiveData + ViewModel) to help us make our code easy to maintain, modular, and testable. We even have our own custom Gradle plugin to do some tedious work automatically for us, that's what we call productivity! We leverage Fastlane and CircleCI to help us make sure our unit tests are passing and that we are delivering a high quality app every 2 weeks. You: Love learning about the latest tools and technologies Write clean, well architected, self documenting code with tests Want to learn from other engineers and share your knowledge with the team Seek out challenges that make you grow — as a person, and as a software engineer Participate in WW code reviews, hackathons, and tech summits Bring a critical mind to identifying and solving issues and bugs Aren't afraid to share your ideas and raise red flags when appropriate Want to evangelize the WW Mobile team via open source, tech meetups and conferences Don't mind taking occasional trips to visit the San Francisco office! Experience Required 3+ years professional Android engineering experience Several published applications in the Play Store Familiarity with developing Android apps in Kotlin Experience writing Clean Code Excellent problem solving and debugging skills Experience writing unit and/or UI tests Junit, Mockito, etc. Please note that all offers of employment are contingent upon the satisfactory results of reference and background checks. As a company, our purpose is to inspire healthy habits for real life. And as an employer, we inspire the greatest people to do their best work. We provide benefits for real life to help protect your health, finances and overall well being, including: Competitive compensation and profit sharing plan A 401K plan to help you plan for your future, plus company match Health care coverage starting on your first day Tuition reimbursement and online courses to help you reach your career aspirations Commuter benefits Yearly well being allowance for your physical, financial, social and emotional well being Free WW membership for you plus 3 free WW memberships for your friends and 3 for your family Free fruit, snacks and coffee to get you through your day Summer Fridays, happy hours, and company outings Robust employee referral bonuses Developmental opportunities and assignments to grow your career Weight Watchers is an equal opportunity employer. Weight Watchers does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, marital status, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. Want to work at the forefront of a fast growing and award winning fintech company? With an incredible team and partners looking for innovative results, we’ve doubled in size our first year and doubled the asset classes we serve in our second. As a cloud based company, we transitioned seamlessly into a socially distanced workforce in recent months, and with a pace that hasn’t slowed, we’re still hiring and are currently on the lookout for smart and collaborative talent to join our remotely connected team. Job Description As a SIMON Senior Backend Engineer, you will play an integral role in designing and implementing systems that power the largest platform existing today for managed risk financial products. We are looking for engineers who can build APIs and applications that are highly performant and intuitive. Knowledge of open source technologies, modern web standards/best practices and distributed systems are a plus. We’re looking for candidates who like working in a fast paced environment and are passionate about writing code, sharing ideas and building elegant and efficient systems. How you will fulfill your potential Work directly with clients and collaborate across teams to serve as the technical architect for new client projects Use open source technologies like Scala, Akka, Postgres and Kinesis to build elegant APIs that clients will love Have a deep understanding of our business and work closely with our Sales and Product teams to drive new initiatives What we’re looking for Degree in Computer Science or related field Excellent interpersonal skills and experience working directly with clients Self starter, creative problem solver and not afraid of tackling big challenges Curiosity and willingness to learn about financial products and markets Experience building APIs for large scale applications We offer a competitive salary and benefits, the chance to work with a curated team of top notch, highly creative talent, and a fun and agile work environment with many perks in the heart of New York City’s Chelsea district. Meet SIMON SIMON Markets is a fast growing and award winning FinTech company, on the lookout for smart, collaborative talent to join our team. Originally founded within Goldman Sachs, SIMON Markets LLC spun out in December 2018 under the shared ownership and direction of seven leading financial institutions. Our team works to build transparency around complex, risk managed financial products by way of a single, modern platform. Our platform provides financial advisors with access to dynamic education, a multi offering Marketplace, and powerful analytics that hasn’t before been available. By combining state of the art technology with the leadership of niche industry experts and an agile start up mentality, SIMON is well positioned to reshape our industry. We are leading the way in a space we helped create, we are passionate about pushing boundaries, and we are growing like crazy. No matter which part of the team you join, there is something interesting to work on. Our front end team is building out our web and mobile presence using React, Redux, and Webpack along with some very sophisticated data visualizations. Our back end team is using Scala, Akka, Postgres and other open source technologies to build a micro services architecture that can scale to handle our ambitious roadmap. Our quantitative engineering team is researching and building novel financial strategies to widen our competitive advantage. Our dev ops team is creating a development and production environment with Docker and Kubernetes to keep us nimble. BlockFi’s mission is to provide liquidity, transparency and efficiency to digital financial markets by creating products that meet the needs of consumers and corporations across the globe. We build bridges between traditional finance and digital markets that enable growth for all participants. BlockFi is seeking a Quantitative Developer to build products & tools for its rapidly growing and industry defining Financial Services team. This role presents a once in a lifetime opportunity for the right candidate that is interested in applying technology expertise to business and commercial needs, working alongside sales & trading teams. The role is a perfect fit for someone who is a self starter, has creative capabilities, and can discover and master new tools and technologies to fit the job. Interest in finance is a plus, passion for crypto is required. Responsibilities Oversee front end development for internal and external applications Rapidly create and maintain front ends that scale tactically with business and client needs Design holistic systems that interact well with data pipelines and data streams Qualifications Full stack development mindset, comfortable working in any part of the stack and learning on the job Must be adept in Javascript and Python. Strong competency in at least one Javascript framework. Interest in learning Svelte is desirable. 3+ years of experience creating front ends for highly scalable & delightful CRUD applications Comfortable integrating front end with REST and websocket APIs Comfortable integrating front end with auth pipeline (eg., auth0) Familiarity with backend numeric tooling (eg., pandas, numpy) Familiarity with creating web applications using Flask/FastAPI/Nginx or similar. Experience with building robust APIs preferred Comfortable with doing DevOps work to facilitate a robust environment for the above Ability to work in a fast paced environment with a risk management mindset Why BlockFi? BlockFi has experienced incredible growth since our launch in August 2017. From raising over $100MM in debt and equity capital to helping thousands of clients (and growing!) do more with their crypto assets, we have established a dominant position as the debt and credit crypto market leader in the US. As we expand our product suite and geographic footprint, our addressable market will grow exponentially. BlockFi's leadership team has decades of experience in the traditional financial services and banking world, and we take a conservative approach to regulation that will position us well for sustainable long term growth and expansion. Our team is comprised of highly motivated professionals from diverse backgrounds. We are aiming to become the leading lender in crypto and are poised to redefine the global financial ecosystem for the better. In addition: BlockFi is one of the first companies to ever offer crypto backed loans and the only company whose founding team has an institutional understanding of the debt capital markets and regulatory landscape in the US. $43MM of seed funding and $50MM in capital for funding loans $100 MM of Series A, B, and C funding led by Valar Ventures with participation from Susquehanna, Winklevoss Capital, Fidelity, Galaxy Digital, Akuna Capital, and Morgan Creek We are moving quickly and have already deployed substantial capital into the space, proving our ability to execute and capture customer demand We offer Competitive salary Unlimited vacation / sick days Employer paid health coverage (vision, dental, 401K) Work alongside an enthusiastic, collegial, and driven team in a highly meritocratic environment Weekly lunch, office snacks and coffee In the Flatiron District, NYC based FinTech company is looking for a React Based Tech lead to join their team. This is a project management based position where you will be in charge of running entire projects from start to finishRequired:5+ Years Experience working as a Front End DeveloperExperience working with ReactExperience working with Typescript and NodeExposure to ScalaUnfortunately, this client is unable to provide sponsorship or transferThis is a full time, permanent direct hire. Not available as corp to corp, contract, C2HJob Type: Full timePay: $170,00000 $200,00000 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable more reliable than spontaneousDetail oriented would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 Job Summary: The MarTech Team at Disney Streaming Services is responsible for creating software solutions for Disney+ and ESPN+ marketing teams. We use tagging, targeting, testing, and feedback to optimize the marketing spend and efficacy of creative content for both paid and lifecycle engagement messaging. System architect for the Disney+ marketing ecosystem including:Architect and build the Disney+ marketing ecosystem to enable data activation and segmentation capabilities across paid and lifecycle engagement marketingCollaborate with lifecycle and product marketing teams to drive subscriber engagement by using data forward solutions to messagingBuild integrations with paid media platforms to optimize marketing spend through data and analyticsPartner with marketing stakeholders to gather requirements and design solutions that perform at scaleDesign APIs and develop services that enable Marketing teams to run powerful campaigns efficiently and accuratelyWork with Marketing teams to design workflows that leverage AI driven attributes and real time data triggeringReplace batch delivery with flow delivery to Marketing Data Platforms partners in personalization, experimentation, engagement messaging, and audience segmentationCoach software engineers on best practices and technical concepts of building large scale platforms Work in an Agile environment that focuses on collaboration and fosters a culture of innovation and excellence Responsibilities:System architect for Disney+ marketing data ecosystemCoach software engineers on best practices and technical concepts of building large scale data platformsDevelop roadmaps and inform staffing plans Basic Qualifications:8+ years deploying / operating enterprise level MarTech Stacks4 6 years of experience developing in ScalaDemonstrated mastery of software engineering tools and practicesExpert level experience with analytics tools and marketing attribution modelsExperience with deploying and running world scale, AWS based data solutions and familiar with tools such as Cloud Formation, Kinesis, DynamoDB, Athena and RedshiftMastery of Graph database architecture and deployment Preferred Qualifications:Experience originating marketing technology stacks including real time messaging and attribution pipelinesExperience integrating with ML platforms and experimentation frameworksFamiliarity with front end development frameworks, experience in full stack development a plus Required Education Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience Company Description At Twitter, we consider it our responsibility to foster a healthy global conversation, inclusive and open to everyone in the world who wants to join. Job Description Who We Are: Our team loves using the latest mobile technologies for all features of twitter apps, which includes timelines, tweets, GIF search and more. We've recently delivered the new Home Timeline, Moments, GIF Search, Polls, Highlights, Group DM’s and we're working on a brand new mobile experience. On the mobile team you have the opportunity to have significant ownership and impact over major user facing features that hundreds of millions of people love to use. We have strong customer focus we connect directly with customers who are using our products, and use their guidance to make meaningful improvements. We ship we are huge fans of build/measure/learn with a weekly cadence. Team centric development we are strong believers of limiting our work in progress and bias towards working collaboratively. We value software quality and technical growth our code runs on millions of devices every single day, so it needs to be stable, performant, and trustworthy. What You'll Do: As part of the team you'll be responsible for using your creativity, excellent problem solving and technical skills to enable Twitter for iOS to reach every person on the planet. You’ll instrument, measure, optimize and build high quality architectures and code in feature areas such as Timelines, Search, Moments, DMs, and more. As an iOS engineer, you will work closely with designers, user researchers, data scientists, product managers, and the engineers that support the developer platform and infrastructure. You will use your passion and in depth knowledge of all things iOS to craft the client components and features that will shape the future of Twitter for iOS. The teams hiring IOS Engineers are in the following areas: Explore Owns how all of our users locate new content that is of interest to them and see the heartbeat of Twitter in real time. Onboarding Builds product experiences to help onboard and educate new and returning users while helping them find the right content quicker. Home Timeline Works on the code behind the Home tab in the Twitter app. This is a high impact team that is one of the largest drivers of usage and time spent in the app. Client UI Accelerate feature development in the Twitter native clients, building consistency into both our code and our product. Who You Are: You’re an experienced mobile engineer looking to make Twitter for Android one of the best mobile experiences out there. You're someone who excels at user centric product development and has a passion for making beautiful, smooth, delightful mobile experiences. If this sounds like you, you probably have: Top notch programming skills in Objective C or Swift Previous experience developing mobile applications (on iOS) Experience implementing new features and optimizing existing ones Technical depth that allows you to rapidly fix bugs and solve problems Experience working closely across a variety of teams including product management, interaction designers, and engineers A detailed approach to writing tests and quality assurance Advocacy of the principles of accessibility and the ability to build interfaces accessible to users with disabilities Knowledge of core CS concepts such as: common data structures and algorithms, profiling/optimization Qualifications BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience 4+ years experience developing mobile applications on iOS Knowledge of Swift Additional Information We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. BPCS/LX/RPG Programmer (Technology Software), NYC or can base remotely from anywhere in the US. Salary: $90K to $95K. Join a team providing EDI support for multiple locations. Collaborate with other SME’s implementing EDI services in manufacturing, CEM, supply chain & finance. Perform research, testing, design, troubleshooting ERP modules & applications. Requires in depth knowledge and proven experience with EDI standards and message formats, knowledge of Infor’s BPCS, knowledge of Infor’s LX, IBM iSeries/AS400 experience and proficiency, IBM GXS BizManager knowledge, OpenText TrustedLink knowledge and knowledge of RPG, RGPLE, and ASSET programming languages, SQL, and DB2 databases. Manufacturing experience a significant plus. Proficiency in English (read, write, and verbal communication and must be a US citizen or permanent resident, sponsorship not availableJob Type: Full timePay: $90,00000 $95,00000 per yearBenefits:Health insuranceSchedule:8 hour shift OptionMetrics is seeking a Head of Software Engineering to join our team. You'll be hands on in developing applications accessing large financial data sets, managing and mentoring developers across locations, and working alongside the CEO to assist with strategies. You'll work with exceptionally creative and intelligent developers and quants, collaborating daily to brainstorm and implement our next generation of data and analytic information products. We're small, agile, casual (no suits – shoes optional), and passionate about our mission and the projects we create. Since we are self funded and profitable (no VCs!), we can afford to take the long view, emphasizing quality over expediency in all we do. As a member of our development team, you will have true ownership over your projects from beginning to end, with an emphasis on accountability over micromanagement. Our Technology Stack: Languages: Java, Python, C++ Databases: Postgres, MS SQL Server Frameworks: Spring Boot, Serverless, Vue Data Analysis: AWS EMR, Spark, Athena The Head of Software Engineering Will: Have at least 6 years of experience in software engineering, ideally with Java and some Python Have 2 4 years of people management experience over multiple locations, including hiring, coaching, mentoring, providing feedback, and career development for software engineers Be passionate about teamwork, collaboration, coaching, and mentoring software developers to deliver high quality software on time. You love developing and growing engineers and have a track record of doing so. Work with the CEO to develop architecture and big picture vision/strategies Partner with other teams to ensure timely delivery addressing business plans Have experience in cultivating a strong engineering culture in an iterative, agile environment Enjoy the challenge of researching data issues to maintain quality in our large data sets What We Offer: A collaborative environment where everyone's input makes a difference Paid time off: Vacation, Personal, Sick days, and Holidays Pre tax commuter benefits (NJT, MTA, etc.) and 401k plan offered Full medical and dental insurance coverage A bright, open office in Midtown Manhattan near Columbus Circle and steps from Central Park with a great view of Times Square The usual drinks and snacks (and we're still small enough to celebrate everyone's birthday with cake!) NOTE: This position will begin remotely with the expectation of returning to the office once practicable. OptionMetrics began over 20 years ago with the goal of becoming the world's most trusted provider of financial information and research derived from the option markets. Today, our data and analytics models are used by over 350 investment banks, hedge funds, asset management firms, and academic institutions worldwide. Working in a team environment from the designs produced by our User Experience and Business Consultants, the developer is responsible for creating attractive and innovative user interface designs that are powerful, easy to use, highly customizable & reusable. Visual & Web UI Developers are in direct contact with the needs of the customer and deliver highly tailored and visible solutions. Required Skills: Ability to work in a cross functional team environment, from making pixel perfect sites that meet the design requirements to integrating code with the back end development team Strong working knowledge of Photoshop; able to convert Photoshop mock ups to valid cross browsers templates Strong XHTML skills; knowledge of how to use appropriate hooks in XHTML to limit the amount of classes and ID’s required on a page Deep understanding of CSS inheritance and how to use it to your advantage A good ideology for managing maintainable, scalable and cross browser code across large sites Familiar with source control principles and comfortable with Subversion In depth knowledge of IE quirks and how to address them Bonus Skills: Strong knowledge of UX principles Experience with different templating engines Experience working with DOJO and/or other JavaScript libraries Reaktor is a team of designers and engineers that craft digital products and services for diverse clients and industries around the globe, with offices in New York, Helsinki, Amsterdam, Tokyo, Dubai, and Stockholm. Our New York office is a lively group of bright and kind people, who are passionate about doing their best work to solve our clients’ most challenging problems. We’re looking for great engineers with diverse backgrounds for our projects in New York. We need people that can fill hybrid roles with different emphases on the wide context of product development. We don’t have predefined positions: instead, we invite you to come talk to us about your skills, experience, ambitions, and dream role. We hope to find exceptional people to do exceptional work with us, and we believe it’s important that we define your role and path to our mutual growth together. We avoid unnecessary hierarchy and focus on small, autonomous teams that accomplish their own goals and make their own decisions, and have enough space and time to continuously inspire each other. Here’s Ana from our Helsinki office talking about humanity, and Miku explaining why autonomy makes for good business. What we can offer you: Hybrid, completely autonomous teams, filled with experts in everything from design, to data science, to business consulting, to content. A community of amazing people who you will learn from and will learn from you. Experimentation and continuous improvement of our skills and ways of working. A dedication to constant evolution (and the occasional revolution). A world without rigid hierarchy—big ideas can come from anyone and anywhere. What you’ll bring: Exceptional technological competence. Ability to make things, and to make things happen. Compassion for people—both those around you, and those who will use what we build. Drive to work on complex problems at any part of the project, from type system nuances to organizational dynamics. A vision and commitment to the future of work: being truly lean and agile and human centered, and leaving yesterday’s pointless rituals behind. Readiness to be responsible for your work, development, and career path. Don’t worry: we’ll have your back in whatever you want to achieve, but the end goal is yours to define. 5+ years of real world experience in building digital products and services. Authorization to work in the United States. Think Reaktor sounds like home? Great. Introduce yourself. We invite you to share details of any open source projects, your GitHub profile, and most importantly, your personality. Be original, not official. We are an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, veteran status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status or disability. The DataHub Engineering team provides a distributed platform for hosting datasets, complete with managed data stores, search, discovery, batch analytics and real time stream processing capabilities. Our goals: ensure high quality content, which is indispensable to financial markets, is cataloged, standardized, discoverable, distributed and accessible in one place. Who are you: The ideal candidate is an innovative problem solver who enjoys working in multiple roles and thrives in a fast paced, collaborative environment. You are curious, kind, continually learning, and happy to share what you learn. You enjoy pursuing complex issues to their root cause. You love search engine internals, performance at scale and engineering for reliability. What's in it for you: As a search engineer in the DataHub team, you will build low latency discovery services that scale to address needs of financial datasets at Bloomberg. You will engineer reliable systems, learn unique needs of financial data, innovate on platform services and query patterns. You will also have the opportunity to contribute to open source projects. You'll be surrounded by people who are passionate about distributed computing, and believe that world class service is critical to customer success. You'll get the chance to work with development teams across Bloomberg and understand their application requirements and build systems together. You'll need to have: 4+ years of professional experience building reliable high performance services using Java Experience performance engineering low latency services Understanding of search engine internals and experience with either Solr or Elasticsearch Experience in software instrumentation for monitoring and observability BA, BS, MS, PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or related technology field We'd love to see: Ownership, quality, empathy for our users, team, contributions to database community and a bias for action If this sounds like you, we hope you apply! Bloomberg is an equal opportunities employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We are Leaf. Leaf is on a mission to upend the way companies buy and sell transportation. Every year, billions of dollars, hundreds of megatons of carbon and millions of person hours are wasted because the companies who ship goods and the companies who carry them aren’t upfront about their needs and abilities. Our platform finds ways for buyers and sellers to contract binding commitments for plannable and predictable freight and allows those contracts to be traded when needs change. In time, Leaf will become the hub through which the trillion dollar American freight market is managed. We are a team of experienced, smart, and mildly disagreeable troublemakers who like taking on unreasonably big challenges; we know how to build things, we’ve lived what’s broken in this industry, and we’re looking for bright, ambitious people to help us drag the transportation world kicking and screaming into the 21st century. What does the Front End Engineer do?. As a Front End Engineer, you will work closely together with designers and other engineers to advance the development of our modern web platform and deliver exciting new experiences to our customers. You will contribute to the overall design and usability of the platform, and rigorously leverage data collected eg. through user analytics and A/B testing to transform complex processes and rich data into insightful yet attractive and concise user experiences. The role will challenge you to work in a highly agile environment and address strategic and implementational topics. Experience with back end development, esp. with Java, will be beneficial. Responsibilites. Partner with the design and product management team to innovate and develop new design and interaction concepts Translate mock ups and interpret style guides to create cohesive interfaces with modular code Develop rich, flexible front end components to enable engineers to easily and quickly build client side code Design and implement A/B tests to improve UX decision making Share and document knowledge and best practices for front end development in React Mentor and support other team members through code reviews and continuous feedback Take initiative to research, troubleshoot and resolve bugs and issues as they arise Be a flexible team player, stepping into a variety of roles, as needed Qualifications. 4+ years of experience building modern, elegant web apps using React/Redux Excellent Javascript/TypeScript, CSS and HTML5 skills In depth knowledge of browsers and their behaviour Passionate about user experience Experience with test frameworks (eg. jest, Enzyme) Understanding of RESTful services and service oriented architecture Experience developing back end service (preferably in Java) Experience with A/B testing Preferred: Prior experience in designing and developing data rich front ends for financial systems (eg. trading, risk, or compliance systems) and/or for logistics systems Preferred: Knowledge in other front end frameworks such as Angular, Knockout, Ember, etc. Preferred: Knowledge in cloud technologies/infrastructure (esp. AWS) Strong analytical, project leadership and communication skills Ability to work both self directed and collaboratively to deliver results in a fast paced, startup environment Unbelievably positive attitude, sense of humor and/or thick skin Consummate team player, able to wear multiple hats, and assist team members when needed Compensation. Leaf offers a very comprehensive compensation package including competitive base salary, variable compensation and health benefits. Leaf Logistics is an equal opportunity employer and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. If you’re a passionate team player who wants to have an outsized impact on a diverse and dynamic team, we’d love to hear from you! Job Summary: As a Software Engineer for the Connected Devices team, you will help us push the boundaries of what is possible on some of the most interesting 10 foot devices in the marketplace. You’ll be part of an advance team where you’ll be in uncharted territory exploring the latest connected and set top box devices on the market. We’re looking for an engineer who's proficient with Rust in an embedded systems world, with experience writing cross platform code, porting applications and runtimes across multiple hardware platforms, with an attention to detail that goes deep in uncovering the nuances of set top box hardware to optimize our application experiences. We truly believe we offer a unique opportunity for any technologist: To work on a bleeding edge technology stackTo work with a world class team of EngineersTo work on award winning, complex apps and systemsTo work in a highly collaborative team environmentTo have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions Responsibilities: Application development for a native environmentWork with hardware manufacturing partners to vet new hardwarePort and optimize our work to new hardwareMaintain understanding of our native client platform (written in C/C++) to identify, research and address issues as they ariseTest and assess our internal video player on new hardware. Explore DRM capabilities and ability to access OS and driver level decoding and decryptionCollaborate with client application development teams, services engineering teams and product to help understand and explain device limitations and requirements. Basic Qualifications: Candidates should have 2+ years of Rust experience on embedded systems and/or writing portable mulit platform codeExperience with older version of C++ (98) and comfortable with Modern C++ (11/14/17)Understanding of various chip architectures and what features they supportExperience using build runners / compilation tools for multi platform projectsFamiliarity with set top box development and specialized SoCs from manufacturers like Broadcom, MediaTek, SigmaTel, etcOpenGL/EGLCross device/distro dependency managementGame engines and game engine technologiesGStreamerWebkit, WPE, Chromium, CobaltReact NativeOpenEmbeddedDRM/CDMFamiliarity with .Net / Xamarin runtimes Toolset: Visual Studio or IDE of choice!Github EnterpriseJenkinsConfluenceJIRASlackDockerAWSLinux / Windows / Mac About Northspyre: Northspyre is a proactive intelligence technology that empowers modern real estate project teams to attain predictable outcomes and higher returns on complex real estate projects (including development, capital and asset management projects across real estate project types). It leverages the power of automation, data analytics and proactive insights to help leading developers, owners and project management firms make more informed, data driven decisions across a portfolio. We are a small, collaborative, and diverse team of real estate, technology and business professionals who know how to roll up our sleeves and get things done. Come join us! About the opportunity: Northspyre is looking for a Senior Full Stack Engineer to join our fast growing, venture backed start up team. This is an opportunity to make a huge impact at an early stage start up with a ton of potential in a largely untapped real estate software market. We are looking for a skilled, responsible, and high output engineer with a track record of productivity and success to help Northspyre go from an early stage startup into a billion dollar enterprise. We are a lean organization with minimal red tape that prides itself on getting things done efficiently and effectively. An ideal candidate is someone who is hands on and self driven and not afraid to dive into problems with minimal supervision. They should be able to boost the product engineering team and work with the CTO to drive our vision forward. Our mindset is that we should be able to do something in a fraction of the time most competent people think possible without sacrificing on quality. Responsibilities: Designing and building elegant and user friendly UIs end to end. Designing and building backend services and API endpoints. Ensuring site reliability and troubleshooting production issues. Collaborating with Customer Support and Product teams to handle client requests and build new features and products. Leading, mentoring and guiding less experienced engineers. Participate in designing and building systems for maximum performance, reliability and scalability. Qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. 5+ years experience. Strong knowledge and experience in programming languages like Python, JavaScript, Java Strong background in UI development and UX design. Fundamental knowledge of browser technologies like HTML and CSS is necessary. Knowledge and experience in front end technologies and frameworks like React, Webpack and NPM. Experience designing and building REST endpoints. Knowledge and experience in web frameworks like Flask/Django. Experience/familiarity with AWS and/or other cloud technologies. Experience/familiarity with Relational Databases like Postgres. Experience/familiarity with Unix/Linux environments. Excellent interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. Strong problem solving skills and ability to work independently. Mentoring/Management Experience a plus Strong understanding of Scrum/Agile a plus Product Management & Design a plus Salary and Benefits: Competitive salary Comprehensive medical, vision, and dental insurance Flexible vacation policy Flexibility to work from home Stock options in a fast growing start up Pinwear is looking for a talented self starting frontend iOS Developer to join NYC'S activewear startup brand . Pinwear is a SaaS platform which specializes in building out Mobile, and Web ordering and loyalty solutions for our activewear .As a member of a growing startup you will be working very closely with each team member to execute any server side related development and upkeepRequirements: Background building mobile applications using SwiftExperience building databases with Core DataFamiliarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back end servicesUtilize libraries such as Alamofire, Firebase Messaging, Stripe, Square, GoogleMapsUnderstanding of release ready practices, TestFlight, and App Store publishingAbility to troubleshoot frontend issuesCuriosity and continuously expands their skill setAn expert understanding of industry best practices and mobile standardsA commitment to crafting readable and dependable codePlus: Prefers writing their own librariesExperience building applications in Objective C (for when we work with third party libraries)Experience MVVM / VIPER Architecture, and flow coordinatorsExperience working within e commerce and have worked with third party paymentFamiliarity with accessibility best practicesFamiliarity with functional programmingWorked in a Test Driven Development (TDD) environment beforeA strong portfolio showcasing app design workFamiliarity with Android app developmentJob Types: Full time, ContractPay: $2,00000 $4,50000 per monthSchedule:8 hour shiftExperience:iOS Development: 2 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No The Digital S/W Engineer Sr Analyst is a seasoned professional role. Applies in depth disciplinary knowledge, contributing to the development of new techniques and the improvement of processes and work flow for the area or function. Integrates subject matter and industry expertise within a defined area. Requires in depth understanding of how areas collectively integrate within the sub function as well as coordinate and contribute to the objectives of the function and overall business. Evaluates moderately complex and variable issues with substantial potential impact, where development of an approach/taking of an action involves weighing various alternatives and balancing potentially conflicting situations using multiple sources of information. Requires good analytical skills in order to filter, prioritize and validate potentially complex and dynamic material from multiple sources. Strong communication and diplomacy skills are required. Regularly assumes informal/formal leadership role within teams. Involved in coaching and training of new recruits Significant impact in terms of project size, geography, etc. by influencing decisions through advice, counsel and/or facilitating services to others in area of specialization. Work and performance of all teams in the area are directly affected by the performance of the individual. Responsibilities: Accountable for executing and driving mid size feature application design and development efforts to completion, serving as a development lead on medium scale projects and supporting the execution of larger efforts. Proficient at operating with considerable autonomy and discretion as you will significantly influence the way an application is designed and developed by providing subject specific expertise and an advanced level of understanding of application programming principles. Sought after due to ability to analyze and troubleshoot coding, application performance and design challenges. Capable of research in root cause of development and performance concerns as well as the resolution of defects. Have a deep understanding of the technical requirements for the solutions being built. Understand engineering needs including those required to build, maintain, and operate the system through all phases of its life. Proficient in information modeling, data structures and algorithms. Understand maintenance characteristics, runtime properties and dependencies that exist in support of your system’s software. These dependencies will include but not limited to: hardware, platform, operating system, performance and load requirements, as well as contingencies with upstream and downstream systems. Demonstrate an advanced understanding of supported main system flows and possess a comprehensive understanding of how the system and others (ie. architecture or infrastructure) collectively integrate to contribute towards achieving business objectives. Using this expertise, assist with the development of standards for coding, testing, debugging and implementation. This will ensure application design adheres to the overall architecture blueprint. Participate in design discussions as a Development Lead and as such will play the part of a key decision maker in driving design decisions. This is evidenced by your knowledge of the application code details and your experience with the technology and teams engaged. Work with limited guidance, seeking guidance only as needed as the development and delivery strategy is defined; the design is not. Exhibit the ability to turn complex application design into a well written application. Partner with industry vendors that provide technology or user experience design components that support our Digital architecture and work with vendors on our implementation plans and roadmaps identifying partnership opportunities to increase our development velocity and our learnings. Participates in the full development life cycle, identify dependencies between agile and waterfall delivery, working within broadly defined parameters, including test plan execution and software quality needs Directly impact the business by influencing strategic functional decisions through advice, counsel or provided services. This will require persuading and influencing others through strong and comprehensive communication and diplomacy skills. Communicate progress, anticipate bottlenecks, provide escalation management, identify, assess, track and mitigate issues/risks at multiple levels. Recognize discordant views and take part in constructive dialog to resolve them. Work across teams to optimize processes. Regularly review metrics and proactively seek out new and improved mechanisms for visibility ensuring your program stays aligned with organization objectives. Continuously assess development processes, test plans, and operations. Work with teams to improve concurrent project delivery. Streamline and / or eliminate excess process in any area of architecture, build, delivery, production operations environment, or business area where the same efforts (or issues) are repeated year over year. Share knowledge with the team in various forums (brown bags, engineering forums etc.) and demonstrate a higher level of knowledge through industry certifications Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. Qualifications: 5 8 years in a product development/product management environment Strong analytical and quantitative skills; Data driven and results oriented Experience delivering with an agile methodology Experience in affecting large culture change Experience leading infrastructure programs Skilled at working with third party service providers Excellent written and oral communication skills Education: Bachelor’s/University degree or equivalent experience Grade :All Job Level All Job FunctionsAll Job Level All Job Functions US Time Type :Full time Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement . To view the EEO Policy Statement . To view the Pay Transparency Posting . At Hopper, we’re on a mission to make booking travel faster, easier, and more transparent. We are leveraging the power that comes from combining massive amounts of data and machine learning to build the world’s fastest growing travel app one that enables our customers to save money and travel more. With over $235M CAD in funding from leading investors in both Canada and the US, Hopper is primed to continue its path toward becoming the go to way to book travel as the world continues its shift to mobile. Recognized as the fastest growing travel app by Forbes and one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company two years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 40 million times and has helped travelers plan over 100 million trips and counting. The app has received high praise in the form of mobile accolades such as the Webby Award for Best Travel App of 2019, the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016 and Apple’s App Store Best of 2015. Take off with us! THE ROLE A stellar opportunity to have massive impact: join the world class engineering team at the company that’s redefining how people travel. As Senior Software Engineer in the Virtual Interlining team, you will be directly responsible for designing, implementing, and deploying greenfield services and architecture that will power Hopper’s efforts to provide cutting edge synthetic flight inventory to our customers. Virtual Interlining is the process of generating trips using combinations of airlines that do not codeshare or have any standing business relationship. These virtually interlined trips are a completely unique inventory that provide incredible price competitiveness to our customers. IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL: Work closely with data science at the intersection of large scale data driven modelling and a highly performant infrastructure to deliver new flight inventory Ship your first code in days, iterating on features in an agile manner Make important architectural decisions about core backend systems Collaborate with a diverse group of people, giving and receiving feedback for growth Execute on big opportunities, helping Hopper rise to the top of the travel industry A PERFECT CANDIDATE HAS: Thrived in backend engineering positions and delivered user experience at scale The ability to bring leading industry techniques and technologies to the table A strong understanding of distributed systems and how architectural decisions affect performance and maintainability Experience building and maintaining systems leveraging complex modelling and data at scale Experience mentoring people at different stages in their career Excelled in cross functional teams, working fluidly with Product Managers, Data Scientists, Mobile Engineers, and other highly skilled specialists A passionate focus on quality, writing testable code that performs and scales BENEFITS Well funded and proven startup with large ambitions, competitive salary and stock options Dynamic and entrepreneurial team where pushing limits is everyday business 100% employer paid medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance plans Access to a 401k (US) or Retirement Savings Plan (Canada) The Elevator Pitch: Why will you enjoy this new opportunity? You love working on state of the art technology in a distributed and high performing team, and you want to help build an ambitious SaaS solution (Tanzu Mission Control) for operating and managing Kubernetes at scale. You are passionate about improving the resiliency, reliability, and performance of services. Tanzu Mission Control allows you to build, manage, and operate a self service Kubernetes platform that can run anywhere. You will be working as a collaborative partner in a diverse environment whose teams care about the products they are creating, how they create them, and the quality of the result. You will be learning and growing your career at the company that values and invests in its employees What is the primary need, technical challenge, and/or problem you will be responsible for? We need someone who can design, build, analyze, and improve distributed systems. You will maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency, and overall system health as part of an on call rotation. You will manage hosted services and recognize the challenges, complexities and trade offs to be made when building and deploying new systems to production Success in the Role: What are the performance goals over the first 6 12 months you will work toward completing? Collaborate with geographically dispersed teams on building and maintaining globally distributed architectures on popular cloud providers using terraform and related tooling Contribute to Tanzu Mission Control’s increased reliability while maintaining support for product driven initiatives What type of work will you be doing? What assignments, requirements, or skills will you be performing on a regular basis? Collaborate on a team to build, review, and help design high quality code and infrastructure using golang and terraform Be responsible for maintaining Kubernetes resources in production and development environments. Participate in 14/7 on call rotation being part of geographically distributed teams Develop automation for the deployment, monitoring, and observability of services. Collaborating with other geographically distributed engineering teams What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like? The hiring manager for this role is Kam Kyrala, Manager, Site Reliability Engineering for Tanzu Mission Control. His expertise has been built from years as a front line engineer, technical lead, and for the last six years, managing Site Reliability Engineering teams. What are the benefits and perks of working at VMware? You and your loved ones will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights, or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting wwwbenefits.vmwarecom. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Medical Coverage, Retirement, and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types Generous Time Off Programs 40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges, or developmental disabilities Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation, trainings, course work, etc.) Healthy and local inspired snacks in all our on site pantries This position is eligible for TanzuChallenge referral campaign Category : Engineering and Technology Subcategory: Site Reliability Experience: Manager and Professional Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Remote: No Posted Date: 2020 11 03 VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careersvmware.com. Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law. 1 Database Developer who has previous mySQL design experience on a Linux platform; the role will involve taking high level design specs and making recommendation's then going forward with the development. The person we are looking for will have a deep knowledge of database principles and how they apply to the real world. You will be designing and building database systems that are highly available and must be confident within all stages of the Business Intelligence lifecycle from initial requirements analysis, data modelling through to intelligence reporting. The ideal candidate will have between 2 or more years experience managing database internet sites using Linux, Apache, MySQL and Perl. Applicants should be enthusiastic about learning new skills and personal development. Your duties would include: Creating and managing a datawarehouse as well as related ETL processes Analysing, understanding and extracting structured data sources Design and document logical, physical and dimensional data model for a centralised data warehouse Review the data model with functional and technical team and assist developers, BI team and end users to understand the data model Create mySQL code from data model and create database, in close coordination with developers Develop, manage and monitor the ETL process and run related ETL tools Maintain the change log for the data model and ensure that data models and databases are in synch on an ongoing basis Generate basic reports from data model and support the specification, design and development of standard reporting systems for business intelligence We expect you to have this profile: 2 or more years experience working with databases in IT, telecommunications or another industry with a high strategic importance of data, databases and datawarehouses Advanced training in data management, SQL, ETL tools Technology and platform agnostic with strong experience in LAMP Ability to code structured query language, develop script and tune queries Data mapping for Datawarehouse process management Strong communication skills Structured and results minded work style Professionalism and sense of responsibility Excellent English, both written and spoken This is an outstanding opportunity to collaborate with an established development team with extensive opportunity to develop your technical as well as your personal abilities within Cool Scout Inc. To apply, please email or post your portfolio and CV / Resume to us. Please submit your complete application with desired salary to: HRdepartment@coolscoutcom Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description The Marketplace Risk team is responsible for supporting the Trust & Safety organization to monitor and respond to unwanted behaviors in the Etsy marketplace. We coordinate between the agents that provide front line response, security engineering, and the members that expect a reliable and safe experience. The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture that includes the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our pioneering continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and keeping up a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. This role will (eventually) be based in our Brooklyn, NY office but is open also to fully remote employees within the US & Canada. Qualifications About the role We build automated controls to monitor and alert agents on behaviors in the marketplace and take appropriate actions. We create coordinated systems that pull together a comprehensive perspective on buyer and seller behaviors. We work closely with agents and analysts that actively observe patterns to define new automated controls. We leverage a rich data warehouse of metrics and behavior information to alert on trends. About you You are a skilled engineer with 5 or more years experience of one or more backend programming languages. We use PHP but are code agnostic in hiring which means Python, Go, Ruby, Java etc. work. You are customer focused, build with a user in mind and think of infrastructure and services in product terms. You are a strong communicator and are willing to take on a mentoring role with teammates and peers. You are a great listener and take the time to understand the needs of the stakeholders. You write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability. You enjoy thinking about the implications of your work on end users. Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. What you’ll do: You’ll build engaging, performant, and powerful functionality on top of our Android app. You will: Build new features using a modern Android development stack including KotlinCollaborate with the team to port old React Native features into native Android codeLeverage our Graphql and websocket APIs to provide a seamless user experience(Optional): contribute to our React site, our node backend, or our infrastructure Who you are:Fluent in Kotlin and/or JavaYou have at least a year in industryAt least a year of experience as an android engineerYou prize reliability, simplicity, performance and robustness in building out systemsYou communicate clearly and listen wellYou are a self starter and comfortable taking on a variety of rolesPreferably familiar with React Native Optional skills and experience:GraphqlNodeWebsocketsReact The Company Sailthru is the largest sender of personalized email on the planet. We're committed to creating true partnerships with our clients, not just being another vendor. Our retail and publishing customers are among the largest organizations worldwide, and they use our platform to provide a personalized and connected customer experience across email, web and mobile to billions of consumers. Sailthru is a proud member of CM Group, a world class portfolio of technology products including Campaign Monitor, Delivra, Emma, Liveclicker, and Vuture. Our mission is to be the most respected, fastest growing marketing technology company in the world. The Role Sailthru is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join the engineering team in our NY office. We are looking for someone who is excited about learning new technologies, who appreciates beautiful code as if it were a work of art (because it is), and who looks forward to the challenge of building a system used by hundreds of the most sophisticated enterprise clients all over the world to manage communications reaching billions of people a month. What You'll Do Work across frontend and backend tech stacks on an Agile, product aligned Sprint team to design, build, and maintain both new and existing features on our core email and onsite platforms. Use a variety of technologies including Java, Kafka, Kubernetes, Mongo, and more to accomplish your goals. Draw upon your previous experience to help us make the right technology decisions. Mentor junior members of your team and beyond. Contribute to education, documentation and support for the broader Sailthru organization, including interfacing with our Support and Customer Success teams. Be an active participant in building our engineering culture. Participate in our engineering team meetings and events, Hack Days, and more. Use your expertise and experience to help make technical decisions and to establish best practices across the engineering organization. About You You're someone who loves technology and cares deeply about the products you build and the customers who use them. You have 5+ years experience building quality, production grade software through best practices, proven design patterns, and great teamwork. You can and will do a little of anything, but you have a set of skills that you specialize in and continue to improve. You have a history of always learning, jumping into new projects, and learning new technologies, and are excited to bring that mindset to a new team. You're diligent and dependable in your work and will do what it takes to get the job done but you know that work life balance is the key to a successful long term team and career. Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as “Personal Cell” or “Cellular” in the contact information of your application. At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Wells Fargo Technology is a team of more than 40,000 information technology and security professionals who help keep Wells Fargo at the forefront of America’s diversified financial services companies. Employees execute an engineering led IT strategy to deliver stable, secure, scalable and innovative services that provide Wells Fargo global customers ‘round the clock’ banking access through in store, online, ATM, and other channels. Wells Fargo Technology plays a critical role in the company’s customer and employee experience, business and risk management transformation, and growth agenda. Wells Fargo Capital Markets Technology is looking for a Senior Software Engineer / Architect to join the Calypso Derivatives Front Office Development team. The role calls for a senior candidate to assist and take lead with: Enhancements to the Java based Calypso vendor application. This can involve extending Calypso APIs to meet our business needs and integrating c++ financial libraries provided by the Quantitative Analysis group. Enhancing the system to support customized products,pricers,interfaces and/or analysis Developing interfaces to other systems (both internal and external) Creating custom tools to aid users and/or comply with regulatory requirements Troubleshooting critical production problems Working directly with our partner teams to design robust solutions from informal requirements Writing support documentation Required Qualifications 10+ years of software engineering experience 7+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: securities, quantitative trading, artificial intelligence, or machine learning 10 + years of Core Java experience 7+ years of Linux experience 7+ years of Windows or Linux scripting experience 7+ years of Middleware experience 7+ years of experience with scripting languages such as Bash, PowerShell, Python, Shell, VBScript, or JavaScript 7+ years of distributed servers platform experience with Solaris, Red Hat or Windows Desired Qualifications A Masters degree or higher in computer science or finance An industry standard technology certification Basic knowledge of industry regulations related to building technological solutions 5+ years of derivatives experience 5+ years of Calypso technology experience 5+ years of Oracle experience 5+ years of J2EE experience 3+ years of XML (Extensible Markup Language) experience 3+ years of JIRA experience Other Desired Qualifications JBOSS/Container based Java Experience will be plus Job Expectations Ability to work outside of regular business hours Ability to work weekends and holidays as needed or scheduled Street Address NY New York: 150 E 42nd St New York, NY NJ North Brunswick: 100 Fidelity Plz North Brunswick, NJ NC Charlotte: 301 S College St Charlotte, NC CA Fremont: 3440 Walnut Ave Bldg A Fremont, CA Happy Cog is looking for a full time Frontend Developer to join our team. We’re a growing interactive agency of 70+ people in Manhattan's NoMad District with great clients (like Google, Airbnb, &pizza, Twelve South, Etsy, The Associated Press, New York City, St. Regis, Columbia University, and WPP) and an incredible roadmap. You’ll be a member of our development team, working closely with our other fantastic front end and backend developers during every phase of your projects. You’ll also be communicating directly with clients, project managers, and designers to understand their requirements and present your work. Your job will be fun, challenging, and interesting. You’ll be working on 2 3 projects at any time; typically one large buildout and a few smaller projects to keep things fresh. You will: Bring visual designs to life using the latest in libraries, frameworks, and tooling. Learn new technologies on the job. We do not specialize in any one language, framework, tool, or methodology – we require our engineers to be resourceful when it comes to learning about shiny new things. You may be a great fit for this role if you: Are able to write high quality, well documented, and maintainable code. Can empathize with our clients needs and recommend the best possible technical solutions for their unique situations. Work on large projects with a team of multiple of engineers, UI designers, and product/project managers. Have digital agency or freelancing experience. Are an empathetic, caring, and emotionally intelligent human being code monkeys need not apply. Are equallly interested in both modern stateful JavaScript frameworks and advanced frontend visual techniques. Have demonstrable professional experience with at least one JavaScript framework, such as React, Vue, Angular, etc. Projects you could work on: Happy Cog is a growing company, and we have more projects than ever, which is why we're hiring! Every project is unique, and you'd be working on those that your skills and experience would be best suited for. Here are some examples of projects we've worked on recently so you can get an idea of what we do. Our tech stack varies from project to project, but some that are used more frequently include Nodejs, Typescript, React, Angular, Foundation, Tailwind, Webpack, ES6, and (many) others. Building out modular/component based visuals in tandem with HTTP APIs and modern CMS platforms (we're not big fans of rigid "templates"). Experimenting with advanced visual techniques and animations to test the limits of what is possible in modern CSS. Defining and setting up a strong foundation for long term maintainability for large scale design systems, and architecting solutions for today's problems and accommodate what future iterations might bring. Consult with our in house visual design team on technical feasibility, prototyping complex interactions or dynamic interfaces, or brainstorming on possible solutions to the problem at hand. Requirements: You should have a minimum of 3 years of professional experience, preferably in a technical role. We offer: A creative environment to do the best work of your career. An amazing team of developers, designers, marketers, project managers, and the occasional four legged office pet. Lunch paid for every day by the company for team members in the NYC office via your own Seamless account. Flexible hours. Flexible paid vacation policy. Health, Dental, and Vision insurance. Retirement plan with company matching. Perks and discounts from many stores and services cell phone bills, hotels, rental cars, gyms, etc... Join Us! If you’re interested please apply as soon as possible, attention Jeremy Gimbel. Examples of your real world work are more important than a perfect resume. If you worked on a project with a team, please tell us which parts you were responsible for. We are looking for a driven and highly motivated Software Engineer in Test to join the Test Engineering team and help us develop reliable, scalable, and effective automated tests. This role will be instrumental in helping Olo release high quality software quickly and efficiently. You’ll be embedded with a smart, passionate engineering team dedicated to delivering amazing products. You’ll work with developers and QA Engineers to prevent defects and performance issues through testing and automation. We believe testing is a craft requiring training and skill. We invest in our employees. Our employees love to learn, and challenge themselves, and challenge each other to grow. We encourage collaboration, leadership, and mentorship. You can work at Olo’s headquarters in New York City’s Financial District or remotely from anywhere in the US. In fact, more than two thirds of our engineering team is remote. What You'll Be Doing Working as an integrated member of a development team, helping them build and execute cutting edge automated tests and performance suites Developing comprehensive, stable, and reusable test automation at the UI and API level Creating, updating, and executing load and performance tests and identifying and investigating performance bottlenecks. Analyzing and troubleshooting application, environment, and infrastructure issues Building creative solutions for generating reusable test data Building and maintaining jobs on a continuous integration build server Designing and implementing cutting edge automated frameworks and custom testing tools Defining and driving improvements in testing and automation on your development team What We'll Expect From You You’ve got excellent written and verbal communication skills. You’ve got strong opinions on test automation best practices, and will help the team improve our existing tools and processes You are comfortable developing automated tests in C# and Javascript, and will be able to rapidly pick up those languages if they are not part of your current skill set. You have good coding skills, and are familiar with standard object oriented programming concepts such as classes, interfaces, DRY architecture, abstraction layers, and standard design patterns such as factories and page objects. You are experienced with industry standard tools such as Selenium, Postman, RestAssured, or K6 You are comfortable in git, and are able to checkout, push, merge, and rebase. You are comfortable with AWS infrastructure, CI tools, and containerization. You want to learn new technologies and how things work at all levels of our stack You are comfortable troubleshooting just about anything US Resident and Legal right to work in the US. What's Important to Olo Our families come first. We know they make us who we are and they are who we live and work for every day. Olo is our extended family. We’re in this together, fighting for one another. We’re happy to be here. We will not let one another down. We learn from and fight through setbacks. We recognize and help one another with direct feedback. We care about you. We offer 20 days of paid time off, fully paid health, dental and vision care premiums, stock options, a generous parental leave plan. We value diversity. At Olo, we know a diverse and inclusive team not only makes our products better, but our workplace better. Many groups are consistently underrepresented across the tech sector and we are fully committed to doing our part to move the needle. Learn more about our culture, values, and mission. https://wwwolo.com/images/culturejpg. COVID 19 Impact Olo is committed to the well being of candidates, employees and our community. The Olo NYC Headquarters will be closed for the foreseeable future because of the global outbreak of COVID 19. While an in person interview is typical for many roles at Olo, we will conduct interviews via video conferencing while our HQ is closed. Olo benefits from the fact that over half of our workforce is remote, therefore we are accustomed to conducting interviews via video conferencing and we anticipate no impact on our recruiting timelines. We encourage candidates to share any concerns or questions with Olo’s recruiting team. About Olo Olo powers digital ordering and delivery programs that connect restaurant brands to the on demand world, placing orders directly into the restaurant through all order origination points – from a brand’s own website or app, third party marketplaces, social media platforms, smart speakers, and home assistants. Olo serves as the on demand ordering and delivery platform for over 300 brands, such as Applebee’s, Checkers & Rally’s, Cheesecake Factory, Chili’s, Dairy Queen, Denny’s, Five Guys Burgers & Fries, Jamba Juice, Noodles & Company, Portillo’s Hot Dogs, Shake Shack, sweetgreen, Wingstop, and more. Learn more at wwwolo.com. Olo's headquarters is located on the 82nd floor of One World Trade Center. We offer great benefits, such as 20 days of Paid Time Off, fully paid health, dental and vision care premiums, stock options, a generous parental leave plan, and perks like FitBits, rotating craft beers on tap in our kitchen, and food events featuring our clients' menu items (now you know why we give out FitBits!). Check out our culture map:https://wwwolo.com/images/culturejpg. We encourage you to apply! Olo is an equal opportunity employer and diversity is highly valued at our company. All applicants receive consideration for employment. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. If you like what you read, hear, and/or know about Olo, and want to be a part of our team, please do not hesitate to apply! We are excited to hear from you! Description: You will be envisioning, designing and building resilient and scalable software infrastructure for delivering industrial strength artificial intelligence applications. Requirements: Experience with solving large scale real world system problems. Strong ability to develop production software with clean and efficient code. Experience with industrial database systems (eg., HBase, PostgreSQL, MongoDB) strongly preferred. This is a fully remote role. BlockFi’s mission is to provide liquidity, transparency and efficiency to digital financial markets by creating products that meet the needs of consumers and corporations across the globe. We build bridges between traditional finance and digital markets that enable growth for all participants. Who We Need We’re building out the products and infrastructure that powers our business. Our stack is largely Elixir on the backend, so if you have Elixir or Erlang experience it would be a *huge* plus. That said, if you are a polyglot developer with a diverse background that includes *serious* Functional Programming chops, and you're interested in learning you some elixir, then yes, please *do* apply! Regardless, you've definitely built out complex applications, both by yourself, and as part of a larger team, and have an (obsessive?) desire for maintainability. What You’ll Do The product teams at BlockFi encompass UX, UI, Design, and Engineering in a seamless cohesive whole. As part of that product team, you will Own the entire lifecycle for the components that you build, with these components ranging from features through products. Guide and coach your fellow engineers in your areas of expertise, and learn from them in theirsWrite code that a year from now you’ll be able to look at and *not* wonder what on earth you were thinkingPromote Reliability across all aspects of the system, and use the "Continuous Testing" part of CI/CD/CT to its fullest to help get there. Why BlockFi? BlockFi has experienced incredible growth since our launch in August 2017. From raising over $100MM in debt and equity capital to helping thousands of clients (and growing!) do more with their crypto assets, we have established a dominant position as the debt and credit crypto market leader in the US. As we expand our product suite and geographic footprint, our addressable market will grow exponentially. BlockFi's leadership team has decades of experience in the traditional financial services and banking world, and we take a conservative approach to regulation that will position us well for sustainable long term growth and expansion. Our team is comprised of highly motivated professionals from diverse backgrounds. We are aiming to become the leading lender in crypto and are poised to redefine the global financial ecosystem for the better. In addition: BlockFi is one of the first companies to ever offer crypto backed loans and the only company whose founding team has an institutional understanding of the debt capital markets and regulatory landscape in the US. $43MM of seed funding and $50MM in capital for funding loans $100 MM of Series A, B, and C funding led by Valar Ventures with participation from Susquehanna, Winklevoss Capital, Fidelity, Galaxy Digital, Akuna Capital, and Morgan Creek We are moving quickly and have already deployed substantial capital into the space, proving our ability to execute and capture customer demand We offer Competitive salary Unlimited vacation / sick days Employer paid health coverage (vision, dental, 401K) Work alongside an enthusiastic, collegial, and driven team in a highly meritocratic environment Above all, you should enjoy the journey. Our engineers are creative, technical, smart, and genuinely like each other. They enjoy the work they do, and so should you! Keywords CI/CD/CT, RESTful APIs, Distributed Systems, Linux, AWS, Testing, Elixir, Erlang, Functional Programming Want to work at the forefront of a fast growing and award winning fintech company? With an incredible team and partners looking for innovative results, we’ve doubled in size our first year and doubled the asset classes we serve in our second. As a cloud based company, we transitioned seamlessly into a socially distanced workforce in recent months, and with a pace that hasn’t slowed, we’re still hiring and are currently on the lookout for smart and collaborative talent to join our remotely connected team. Job Description SIMON is looking for a DevOps Engineer. In this role, you will utilize strong DevOps principles and advanced cloud capabilities to facilitate SIMON strategy of market agility and lean operating principles with a strict focus on quality to meet the ever growing demands of our clients. We are seeking highly collaborative, creative and intellectually curious DevOps Engineers who are passionate about forming and implementing cutting edge cloud computing capabilities. ResponsibilitiesAs a member of the DevOps Engineering team you will be involved in building highly available solutions across the entire SDLC stack with primary focus on an internet facing FinTech site. Develop software and tooling to secure and automate cloud infrastructure to accommodate building software delivery capabilities with fully automatic workflowsIndividuals on the team will interact closely with Application Developers and QA Automation EngineeringYou will be responsible for developing and maintaining tools to support the development environment on MacOS and Linux tool environment with focus on improving developer productivityYou will also be part of the team responsible for maintaining Site reliability with focus on building highly scalable systems integrating resiliency and high availability at all levelsDesign and operation of a Kubernetes environment for container management and orchestrationExperience with distributed systems design, maintenance, and hands on troubleshooting/debugging skills. Minimum QualificationsBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent experienceExperience with Software Development in a Linux/Windows environment with expertise in scripting language like Python, Powershell and/or RubyCoding beyond simple scripting with strong opinions on maintainable/reusable codeExperience with compute provisioning on a Cloud based platform using Terraform and Cloud formationExperience in a public cloud offering, migrating or building tools and applications in AWSHands on experience of Docker and KubernetesExperience building a microservices based architectureUnderstanding of Agile development methodologies and experience with SDLC tooling such as Git/Maven/Gradle and continuous integration platforms such as Gitlab or JenkinsPossess strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to present, persuade and influence peers, vendors and senior management. Preferred QualificationsAWS certifications a plusExperience architecting, implementing and managing a monitoring tool such as Nagios, CloudWatch, Splunk, and ELK in the cloud a plusUse of Packer to standardize environment a plusWorking knowledge of databases such as MongDB, Postgres, DynamoDB a plus. We offer a competitive salary and benefits, the chance to work with a curated team of top notch, highly creative talent, and a fun and agile work environment with many perks in the heart of New York City’s Chelsea district. Meet SIMON SIMON Markets is a fast growing and award winning FinTech company, on the lookout for smart, collaborative talent to join our team. Originally founded within Goldman Sachs, SIMON Markets LLC spun out in December 2018 under the shared ownership and direction of seven leading financial institutions. Our team works to build transparency around complex, risk managed financial products by way of a single, modern platform. Our platform provides financial advisors with access to dynamic education, a multi offering Marketplace, and powerful analytics that hasn’t before been available. By combining state of the art technology with the leadership of niche industry experts and an agile start up mentality, SIMON is well positioned to reshape our industry. We are leading the way in a space we helped create, we are passionate about pushing boundaries, and we are growing like crazy. No matter which part of the team you join, there is something interesting to work on. Our front end team is building out our web and mobile presence using React, Redux, and Webpack along with some very sophisticated data visualizations. Our back end team is using Scala, Akka, Postgres and other open source technologies to build a micro services architecture that can scale to handle our ambitious roadmap. Our quantitative engineering team is researching and building novel financial strategies to widen our competitive advantage. Our dev ops team is creating a development and production environment with Docker and Kubernetes to keep us nimble. Seeking a driven and dedicated C/C++/Unix developer/consultant to join a fast paced team developing rich user interfaces as well as powerful backend servers in C++. Developers contribute to all phases of software engineering ranging from requirements through release. REQUIREMENTS 3 years of software development experience in C/C++. Solid understanding of data structures and algorithms. Experience with and/or interest in full software development lifecycle activities including requirements management, technical design, implementation, and testing/release. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Interest in developing financial applications. Experience with enhancing and maintaining mission critical software in a fast paced environment is a plus. Leadership, management, and mentoring experience also is a plus. Equity financial knowledge is a plus. Candidates should exhibit strategic thinking, an aggressive drive, and an aptitude for engineering quality software. Send us your resume to career@pencomcom. Accepted formats are HTML, Microsoft Word, or Plain Text. Your information will be kept strictly confidential. We will not submit your resume to our clients without your prior consent. Blend helps lenders maximize their digital agility. Our digital lending platform is used by Wells Fargo, US. Bank, and other leading financial institutions to increase customer acquisition, improve productivity, and accelerate the delivery of any banking product across every channel. We process more than $35 billion in mortgages and consumer loans daily, helping millions of consumers get into homes and gain access to the capital they need to lead better lives. The Lending Platform Team is one of the core horizontal platform teams that provides the foundational components for the entire of Blend engineering to build microservices. We provide a scalable system that enables product teams to build new features with speed and quality. The Lending Platform Team provides the fundamental services and shared libraries that other engineers need to build services. The team is also responsible for driving the long term architecture for the company and is currently carving out utility services (for ex. Email Service, File Storage Service) that speeds up the monolith to microservices migration for the company. We do a lot of experimenting with new technologies and frameworks, mapping these to relevant problem spaces in the company and then providing utilities to ease the adoption of such technologies by other engineering teams(for ex. testing out Kafka right now). We also establish standards for engineering practices like code quality, accepted patterns, frameworks etc and frequently provides guidance around their usage. The challenges we face are highly technical and highly impactful for other engineering teams in the company! We are looking for engineers who are passionate about distributed systems design, performance optimization, software architecture and scalability. We are looking for a strong collaborator who is willing to work with feature development teams to understand their needs from the platform, to design solutions that fulfill their immediate needs but that also establish good patterns for the long term scalability and maintainability of the application. How You’ll Contribute: Design and build distributed systems for long term scalability and maintainability Collaborate with feature development teams to understand their needs from the platform Architect solutions that establish good patterns and fulfill development team needs Build tools to enable developer productivity Monitor production systems for issues Who You Are: 5+ years of experience working enterprise grade production systems Excellent communication and leadership skills for collaborating with other teams Solid experience and understanding of maintainable distributed systems Ability and willingness to help others succeed and be productive Bonus Points! Experience working with Go, TypeScript, Nodejs Experience working with PostgreSQL, MongoDB Experience with AWS Experience with migration from monolith to microservices Experience working on horizontal platform teams Benefits and Perks: Meaningful equity and a 401(k) plan Comprehensive health benefits Wellness benefits covering a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more Daily meal stipend for non regularly remote employees during COVID 19 (and lunch, dinner,snacks, and Pizza Fridays provided in offices outside of COVID 19) Diversity and inclusion training Weekly mindfulness meditation class Weekly remote company all hands 4 months of paid parental or personal leave Flexible work schedule, with open vacation policy and companywide mental health days during COVID 19 Work from home office set up stipend and internet stipend during COVID 19 Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable law, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Notice at Collection for California Applicants At Clear Street, we are disrupting the institutional brokerage and clearing market by modernizing archaic industry segments with brand new technology. We're changing the way institutional investors interact with the markets; offering an alternative to working with big banks. Our cloud based API technology will empower clients to clear, settle, and finance trading activity while accessing real time risk and position information. Our platform is built on an incredibly modern tech stack, by pragmatic engineers focused on building intuitive and frictionless user experiences. Our tech infused suite of customer experience oriented prime service offerings will increase our clients' efficiency and provide real time insights they've never previously experienced. As a Software Engineer and Subject Matter Expert (SME), you will work directly with a team of passionate and highly collaborative engineers building our core platform. You will draw on your knowledge of the inner workings of clearing processes to design, build, and implement crucial services within a highly scalable distributed system. You will work with our team to design services and own their implementation as you work to enhance the functionality and features of our platform. Your combination of product knowledge (trade lifecycles, clearing systems, interacting with DTC/OCC etc) and exceptional engineering will help us deliver API functionality that combines speed and consistency. As a voice of experience in the team, you will help mentor teammates on the nuances of our business. Software Engineer (SME) Characteristics: You have 5+ years of software engineering experience with 2+ of those years focused delivering clearing system components. You have developed high quality code that extends system functionality and directly interacts with domestic and international clearing organizations (we implement our code in Golang (Go), but you may be more experienced in Java or C++). You have a strong command over object oriented design patterns, data structures, and algorithms. You communicate technical ideas with ease and always look to collaborate to deliver high quality products. You grasp product specifications and effectively map them to technical requirements. You thoughtfully and successfully incorporate these requirements into your system design and implementation. You are a collaborator by nature who works effectively with product teams to understand the scope, cost, and requirements of new product feature development. You adhere to engineering best practices and standards, are able to contribute to system design, and can help build scalable services from the ground up. Platform Team Stack: Go, gRPC, Postgres, Kafka, Redis, Docker, Kubernetes We offer: The opportunity to join a small and growing team of good people, where you can make a difference A new, high quality code base with little technical debt and room to build new services and features An environment that embraces the utility of a DevOps oriented culture and combines it with a focus on CI/CD methodology A meritocratic philosophy that champions collaboration Competitive compensation, benefits, and perks (NY or London Based) Skills/Qualities Required: You must enjoy solving problems. Empirasign has succeeded because we have solved problems others have found too difficult or troublesome to tackle. Demonstrated ability to deliver production quality Python code Strong algorithms, data structures and coding background Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance BS. or higher in Computer Science or Engineering (or equivalent work experience) Skills Desired: Data informed product development experience, eg., analytics, A/B testing Experience with back end tech: MySQL, SQLite, Django, Bootstrap, RESTful APIs Experience with front end tech: JavaScript, Vuejs, CSS, HTML Microsoft Excel VBA Basic financial knowledge: time value of money, bond math, equity vs debt financing, technical analysis, etc. Why work at Empirasign: Empirasign is a small and fast growing organization. Our revenues are growing geometrically and our headcount is growing arithmetically. That combination makes Empirasign an especially rewarding place to work. Our engineers have a real impact on the way people think about and use market data that arrives in unstructured form. If you think computers can extend, but not replace human cognition then this is the place for you. We are in the midst of building and monetizing the greatest repository of market data for Mortgage Bonds the world has ever known. Do you want to extend your coding background to Machine Learning, Pattern Recognition and NLP? We are small enough so that your skills can grow with our needs. Competitive Salary and Benefits To apply for any of the above jobs, send resume and cover letter to: recruiting@empirasigncom Job Summary Operates, inspects, and maintains all HVAC, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, and production equipment and systems in assigned facilities to obtain most efficient operating results and life expectancy. Assures that equipment is being maintained in an energy efficient, safe manner and down time is reduced to a minimum by anticipation of necessary repairs keeping records of past operating experiences. Performs inspections and repairs to assigned property interior and exterior areas, including walls and flooring, installed fixtures, roofing systems, lighting, etc. Strong focus on operating, maintaining, troubleshooting and repairing facility equipment on all systems. Individuals are expected to demonstrate technical expertise in one craft area (Electrical, HVAC, Piping/Plumbing, Central Utility Plant Operations, Material Handling Equipment) and be multi skilled in others in order to successfully complete daily/weekly work assignments. Job Responsibilities Area of Responsibility Key Elements and Essential Tasks Time Spent on Task Maintenance Performance of ongoing preventive and repair response work orders on facility mechanical, electrical and other installed systems, equipment, and other components. Maintain, operate, and repair all HVAC systems and associated equipment, electrical distribution equipment, plumbing systems, building interior/exterior repair, and related grounds, and production equipment as it pertains to assigned buildings. Study and become familiar with the various items of equipment, and the methods required to use them properly, that are required in everyday activities. This to include building automation systems, fire / life safety systems, and any other building related equipment. Perform assigned facility inspections and due diligence efforts, reporting on as found conditions impacting satisfactory client occupancy and operations. Less than 20% 20% 40% 40% 60% 60% or greater Safety Complete Hazard Assessments as necessary Comply with all safety procedures, maintaining good housekeeping and safety of work areas. Recognize danger and safety hazards and propose methods to eliminate them. Maintain compliance to State, County, or City Ordinances, Codes, or Laws. Must complete all required safety trainings as scheduled Practice Defensive Driving at all times Less than 20% 20% 40% 40% 60% 60% or greater Driving Candidate must possess and maintain a valid state driver’s license Less than 20% 20% 40% 40% 60% 60% or greater Administrative Submit P card Receipts Daily Update work order status in real time Utilize CMMS systems such as Corrigo for all work performed. Perform Vehicle Safety Inspection Escalating problems or issues to Customer and Manager in a timely manner Attend work and safety meetings as required Less than 20% 20% 40% 40% 60% 60% or greater Any and all other duties and tasks assigned. Less than 20% 20% 40% 40% 60% 60% Knowledge, Skills & Abilities MINIMUM REQUIRED PREFERRED Education/training 3rd Party Certification Years of relevant experience Minimum of four (4) years of technical experience in all aspects of building engineering with a strong background in the technical aspects of packaged HVAC, plumbing, electrical, production equipment repair and maintenance. Knowledge of overall system design and applications. Other abilities Strong Customer Service skills Strong Interpersonal skills Certifications/ licenses HVAC technicians must have a Universal CFC recovery certification (or within 90 days of employment) High School diploma or GED equivalent. Licenses as required by authority having jurisdiction Working knowledge of computer applications including Word and Excel Two years of trades school or documented apprenticeship in electrical systems, refrigeration and HVAC, plumbing or other craft skills. Physical work requirements and work conditions Physical Work Requirements: Lifting up to 80 lbs. Working from heights. Frequently climbing, bending, lifting, kneeling, stooping, and working/extending overhead. Working in adverse conditions (ie., extreme cold, extreme hot). Driving for long periods of time. Climbing a ladder with a 300 lb weight limit while carrying a tool bag weighing approximately 20 lbs. Climbing a ladder up to 30 feet. Must be available for Call in work and perform other duties as required. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent with 5+ years experience, in: software development, including design, implementation, debugging, and supportDeep understanding of client side web technologiesAbility to debug, troubleshoot, and resolve highly complex performance and operational issues The Company: Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the pioneer and recognized leader in Cloud Computing. Our web services provide a platform for IT infrastructure in the cloud that is used by hundreds of thousands of developers and businesses around the world. These customers range from start ups to leading web companies to Global 500 companies. The Group: AWS Data Services group provides rapidly growing, industry acclaimed cloud services in areas of big data platforms to data analytics to operational databases. The group is at the forefront of innovation in these areas producing world class cloud services such as EMR to Redshift to RDS Aurora and many more. The Team: AWS Glue is a fully managed service offering next generation data management and transformation solution at the intersection of Serverless, FastData, ML and Analytics. AWS Glue simplifies and automates the difficult and time consuming data discovery, conversion, mapping, and job scheduling tasks at massive scale. Top reasons to join our team: Be catalyst to deliver a truly disruptive product while it is in infancy stateBuild unique and intuitive user experiences that make complex processes appear seamless to our customersInfluence and build product that will leverage scale of resources to orchestrate data workflowBe part of big data revolution in cloudGrow the leader in you to build revolutionary product About you: Passionate about creating compelling experiences for customersKnow about and continually want to learn more about modern web frameworksStrive to build highly responsive, intuitive, and sleek experiences for customersKnow about the nuances, pitfalls, strengths, and associated best practices of the various web application paradigms (single page apps, MVC apps, static site generators, etc.). Thrive in culture of ownership, delivery and bias for actionFast pace environment energizes you to be at your bestInnovate and invent in agile and collaborative environmentCurious and eager to learn to expect more of you and others The Responsibilities: Translate functional and technical requirements into detailed architecture, design and extensible codeBe an advocate of industry best practices to produce reliable, fault torrent and dependable codeCode and test complex system modules; develop and leverage frameworks to be effective and efficientParticipate in architecture, design and code reviews to maintain our high development standardsOwn system architecture, scalability, reliability, and performanceCollaborate and influence other teams to deliver and operate large scale, distributed services in the cloudMentor other engineers, defining our challenging technical culture, and helping to build a fast growing team Strong knowledge of data structures and algorithmsWrite very high quality code that is robust and easy to maintainExperienced debugging, diagnosing, and trouble shooting complex, production softwareStrong understanding of system performance and scalingAbility to drive tasks to completion and take ownership of projectsAbility to work in a fast paced and agile development environmentPossess excellent communication, sharp analytical abilities, and proven design skillsExperience delivering and operating large scale, highly available distributed systems is a plus Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Description NPAW has a decade of experience developing groundbreaking and scalable big data and business intelligence solutions that help online media services make data driven decisions to move their business forward. YOUBORA, the company’s flagship product, is the most advanced BI platform correlating data across entire media services. With YOUBORA, content providers gain an in depth, real time understanding of their platform’s performance and their audience’s behavior. This AI powered solution provides descriptive and prescriptive insights to reduce churn, proactively manage users, optimize content discovery, increase advertising efficiency and overcome technical and operational issues. Responsibilities From a sales standpoint: Technical communications with prospects and customers showcasing the product, providing technical details, resolving service related issues. Collaborate with the development team to attend customers' specific needs Collaborate with product management to bring important insights from the customers’ and prospects’ point of view Help develop new business with existing clients and/or identify areas of improvement with existing clients and collaborate with sales teams to grow opportunities and ensure growth attainment to exceed sales quotas. During the presales stage: Secures input from all necessary solution stakeholders. Adapts solutions, as necessary, to ensure appropriate support. Customers’ follow up and expectations’ management. Writing technical offerings and integration documentation. Coordinates closely with sales and service resources to align solution design with customers’ business requirements. Examples: POC, RFI, RFP’s, etc. Supports Sales on Product demonstrations when required Secures from customer technical staff commitments needed to ensure a deal’s “technical close.” As a technical account manager: Operate as the point of contact for any technical matter specific to your customers. Ensure the timely and successful delivery of our solutions according to customer needs and objectives. Communicate clearly the progress of monthly/quarterly initiatives to internal and external stakeholders. Prepare reports on account status. Assist with high severity requests or issue escalations as needed. Supports the Customer Success Manager to ensure clients are making the most of the Platform Requirements Communication skills. Ability to explain ideas, procedures and technical information to all kind of audiences. Tech savvy person. Ability to understand technical documentation and extract the product value. Understanding video delivery technology formats and codecs, video delivery protocols, player technologies, etc. will be a plus. Empathy and social boldness: Ability to manage customers’ expectations and to mediate between parties (work along with QA, Sales, Development) Customer oriented person. You're our customers' advocate and everything is possible, it's just needed to find the way. You are an autonomous person. 2 3 years of experience as Technical Account Manager / Account Manager / Customer Support in an IT / SaaS Company. Fast learner person, able to understand the product and the audience/Industry. A results oriented person with focus, perseverance, determination, and energy. Excellent communication skills. Able to listen, understand and offer a better solution to the non existing and existing customers, with the ultimate aim of forming and nurturing long term contractual relationships. You are an autonomous person and you can work in a remote team (HQ in Barcelona) Benefits Paid Time Off Marketplace with discounts on business and personal products Free training: 3500+ online courses and 50000+ digital books Cool office in the WeWork NoMaD building (NYC) with social events, snacks... Savings in Adoption Assistance, Employee Assistance Program, Commuter Benefits 401(k) plan available Health care insurance coverage contributions Dental and Vision care plan coverage contributions FSA and HAS available Basic Term Life Insurance Paid Sick Days You will be part of a fantastic international team! Who are we? Ribbon is a first of its kind real estate technology company transforming the real estate transaction by delivering certainty, transparency and joy to the home buying process. Consumers and realtors deserve a better experience, and we are building an open platform that welcomes everyone in the ecosystem to participate. Our mission is to make home ownership achievable. We live out our mission every day through our core values: Set New Standards. Our mission requires a new way forward. We start from first principles to be different, creative and bold. Big or small, we create new norms. Build Together. We are one team, one mission, creating vibrant communities of belonging. We unite in our passion and collaborate with optimism, integrity and trust. Learn, Teach, Grow. In service of delivering a world class experience, we actively learn from our community, educate others, and celebrate the victories and struggles that come along the way. Engineering at Ribbon We believe that software can be a driving force in making home ownership achievable, and we're looking to build a team of passionate and talented engineers to make that dream possible for more families. At Ribbon we place a strong emphasis on start to finish ownership, collaboration, and inclusivity. You can read more about our engineering culture on our KeyValues page. How you'd be making home ownership achievable: Working with a cross functional team of engineers and designers to build products that modernize the home buying process and make it fair for all Owning the implementation of features throughout their entire lifecycle from ideation to ship Implementing features with a modern set of web development tools (React, GraphQL, Django) in a highly modular codebase Being an advocate of engineering practices and initiatives that keep code quality and team velocity high Who you are: You are passionate about building experiences for people that are intuitive and accessible You value inclusivity and collaboration as much as writing good, clean code You make the effort to design and write code that is scalable, performant, and easy for your teammates to build upon and maintain You have made significant technological decisions and stuck around to deal with the consequences Our stack Here are some of the tools you'd be using to help us build the future of real estate. If you've never used these specific tools before but are interested in working with them, please apply! Back end: Python, Django, GraphQL Front end: JavaScript, React, Styled Components, Apollo Ops: Docker, AWS, Postgres Qualifications Strong communication and collaboration skills Experience with an MVC framework such as Django, Flask, Ruby on Rails, etc Experience with a JavaScript framework such as React, Vue, Ember, etc At least 3 years of full stack experience working with a team in a production environment What we offer: Competitive salary Health, dental, and vision insurance Flexible, unlimited vacation Discounted fitness benefits 401(k) Commuter benefits FSA + HSA Learning + development stipend Meaningful equity in the company UNIVERSAL Technologies is hiring a full stack .NET Developer with experience in Angular 40 or higher, .NET Core, and SQL Server 2016 for an immediate role in New York CityThis position will begin remotely and will likely change to onsite in Brooklyn, NY in the futureMANDATORY REQUIREMENTS: At least 7+ years of full stack application development experience in the complete software development lifecycleMust have experience building enterprise web applications from scratchMust have experience in the design and development of web applications using Angular 40 or higherMust have experience in .NET Core 20 or higherMust have experience creating ASPNET MVC 4 applicationsMust have experience creating and tuning application databases using SQL Server 2016RESPONSIBILITIES: Design, develop, test, tune and support .NET applications using the complete stack of Microsoft technologiesParticipate in the complete software development lifecycle and create applications based on requirementsCreate stored procedures, triggers, functions, indexes and views in SQL ServerDevelop easy to user application UI using AngularCreate web applications in .NET Core frameworkBuild and support applications in ASPNET MVC 4UNIVERSAL Technologies is an equal opportunity employerJob Type: ContractPay: $6500 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftFull Time Opportunity:YesCompany's website:wwwunivstech.com We’re BCG Digital Ventures. Adventure awaits you. We are an ever growing global team of the world’s most remarkable entrepreneurs, designers, engineers, venture architects, product experts and investors. Our ventures create a strategic advantage for the most important global companies. Alongside our corporate partner, BCG Digital Ventures is launching a insurtech startup, Guardian Direct. At Guardian Direct, we are working to define the future of insurtech by democratizing insurance for everyone. This is a chance to be among the first in an industry is now being disrupted by technology to help make insurance accessible to everyone. We are obsessed with measuring results, and we see every project as an opportunity to learn. If you enjoy working on stuff that moves the needle and have a passion for tech that empowers consumers, we might have the role for you. Ready to join a team of bold and passionate builders to do your best work yet? Guardian Direct, a corporate backed insurtech venture based in Hudson Yards, New York, is looking for a Senior Front End React Engineer. We are energized by our mission to create an exceptional customer centric digital insurance marketplace. You’ll join a team of marketers, designers, engineers, product experts, and data strategists working together to realize this vision. You will have a chance to build on an existing strong foundation of engaged customers and fuel future growth. Join at the ground floor with a great team and play an important role in building the future of insurtech. In this role you will: Be Creative – have the freedom to innovate and create technical solutions to solve complex business problems Be Collaborative – work with product and design to launch amazing customer experiences Be Precise – understand the business goals behind every feature and create a solution that can deliver Be Awesome – launch products that you can be proud of Be Customer Obsessed – build products that make our customers say “WOW!” Work with technologies like Node, React, Redux, NextJs, Webpack, TypeScript, Jest Enhance best practices developing with dependencies upon third party APIs (REST, GraphQL) You should have: 5+ years of experience delivering high performance, public facing web applications with demonstrative business impact 4+ years of React SPA development Mastery of web fundamentals, including vanilla Javascript, HTML and CSS Experience integrating with third party APIs (REST, GraphQL) Experience developing complex applications in an agile environment as part of a multi disciplinary, diverse team of engineers, designers, product excerpts, marketers and strategists Experience with modern web application development, including build tools, testing and CI/CD Working knowledge of security best practices, specifically related to PII Excitement, energy, and strong people skills including excellent communication capabilities A nimble approach to thinking strategically while rolling up your sleeves and getting great work done Experience in a startup or venture like operating model preferred This role offers: Challenging work opportunities that create meaningful consumer experiences through innovative solutions Leadership development, skill building and philanthropic opportunities that help you reach your potential Competitive compensation No waiting period for excellent medical, dental, supplemental health, life and vision benefits for you and your dependents Life and disability insurance A great 401(k) with match Tuition assistance, paid parental leave and backup family care Dynamic, modern work environments that promote collaboration and creativity A culture where doing the right thing, social responsibility, inclusiveness, and community involvement matter Interested applicants may apply through the careers section of the website at https://wwwbcgdv.com/. Interviews will take place after resumes have been screened for minimum requirements. Please note that this position is not restricted solely to the responsibilities listed above and that the job scope and responsibilities are subject to change. BCG Digital Ventures is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law. Qualifications: Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills Experience Level: 1 2 years. Good understanding of React Native or Flutter framework Extremely good eye for UI Experience with C#, including WPFExperience with JavaScript/Typescript, particularly Angular2+ and other Angular frameworksFull Stack development including design, coding, unit testing, integration testing, debugging, configuring, and documenting of software solutionsKnowledge of database concepts and hands on experience in Oracle with PL/SQL skillsSupport agile development / SCRUM practices. Develop complex Service APIs using C#Follow SDLC processes in executing software development projectsJob Type: Full timeSalary: $70,70100 $155,16600 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:.NET: 1 year (Preferred)mvc: 1 year (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 2+ years of non internship professional software development experienceProgramming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systemsBachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent with 5+ years experience, in: software development, including design, implementation, debugging, and supportDeep understanding of distributed systems and web services technologyStrong at applying data structures, algorithms, and object oriented design, to solve challenging problemsKnowledge of one or more modern programming languages such as C/C++, C#, JavaPassion and ability to debug, troubleshoot, and resolve highly complex performance and operational issues The Company: Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the pioneer and recognized leader in Cloud Computing. Our web services provide a platform for IT infrastructure in the cloud that is used by hundreds of thousands of developers and businesses around the world. These customers range from start ups to leading web companies to Global 500 companies. The Group: AWS Data Services group provides rapidly growing, industry acclaimed cloud services in areas of big data platforms to data analytics to operational databases. The group is at the forefront of innovation in these areas producing world class cloud services such as EMR to Redshift to RDS Aurora and many more. The Team: AWS Glue is a fully managed service offering next generation data management and transformation solution at the intersection of Serverless, FastData, ML and Analytics. AWS Glue simplifies and automates the difficult and time consuming data discovery, conversion, mapping, and job scheduling tasks at massive scale. Top reasons to join our team: Be catalyst to deliver a truly disruptive product while it is in infancy stateSolve unique and first order problems in areas of Big Data, Spark, Distributed Systems, Serverless and Machine LearningInfluence and build product that will leverage scale of resources to orchestrate data workflowBe part of big data revolution in cloudGrow leader in you to build revolutionary product About you: Passionate in building large scale distributed systemsThrive in culture of ownership, delivery and bias for actionFast pace environment energizes you to be at your bestInnovate and invent in agile and collaborative environmentCurious and eager to learn to expect more of you and others The Responsibilities: Translate functional and technical requirements into detailed architecture, design and extensible codeBe an advocate of industry best practices to produce reliable, fault torrent and dependable codeCode and test complex system modules; develop and leverage frameworks to be effective and efficientParticipate in architecture, design and code reviews to maintain our high development standardsOwn system architecture, scalability, reliability, and performanceCollaborate and influence other teams to deliver and operate large scale, distributed services in the cloudMentor other engineers, defining our challenging technical culture, and helping to build a fast growing team Strong knowledge of data structures and algorithmsExperienced writing multi threaded programs requiring concurrency and synchronization primitivesWrite very high quality code that is robust and easy to maintainExperienced debugging, diagnosing, and trouble shooting complex, production softwareStrong understanding of system performance and scalingAbility to drive tasks to completion and take ownership of projectsAbility to work in a fast paced and agile development environmentPossess excellent communication, sharp analytical abilities, and proven design skillsExperience delivering and operating large scale, highly available distributed systems is a plusExperience with database systems internals, query optimization, and storage systemsExperience with large scale data analytics and data warehousing is a plus Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Apply Now In the AI Engineering group, we build data driven, machine learned services which are collectively called billions of times a day. Our engineers are responsible for architecting and implementing these services end to end which includes data gathering, model building, and ensuring that models are served by highly scalable, high throughput, high availability and low latency services. Some projects where we are looking for experienced software engineers include: unified search, question answering, query parsing, financial instrument (eg., fixed income) pricing, dialogue understanding, and recommender systems. If these sound like the projects you are passionate about and want to work on, apply! In addition, check out our blog at https://TechAtBloombergcom/AI and learn more about our projects and research. More about us: The AI Group is the central engineering group with over 150 researchers and engineers working together to build data driven customer facing products, as well as AI infrastructure and algorithms used by engineers across the company. We also publish papers, attend conferences, organize workshops, and contribute back to the larger AI and open source community whenever we can. Broadly, we are looking for colleagues to who are passionate about: Software engineering Parallel and distributed systems Natural language processing Information retrieval Information extraction Reinforcement learning Graphical models Recommender systems Knowledge graphs Automatic speech recognition Machine learning for finance (pricing and recommendation) We'll trust you to: Collaborate with colleagues on production systems and applications Design, experiment, and evaluate algorithms as well as models Write, test, and maintain production quality code Represent Bloomberg at scientific and industry conferences Publish research findings in leading academic venues You’ll need to have: Bachelors, Masters, or a PhD. in CS, ML, Math, Statistics, Physics, Engineering, Quant, or relevant industry experience. Proficiency in modern programming languages such as Python, C++, or Java Proficiency in software development If this sounds like you, apply! In addition, do check out our blog, http://TechAtBloombergcom/AI, to learn more about our publications and projects. Our culture values difference, fosters inclusion and promotes collaboration to drive superior business results. Our efforts help establish an inclusive work environment where all Bloomberg employees feel respected and are included and empowered to impact the business globally. Building strong, diverse teams that feel valued and engaged will help us innovate, execute and succeed in a highly competitive global environment. Bloomberg is an equal opportunities employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply Now *** HANDSON 8YEARS JAVA DEVELOPMENT IS A MUST TO HAVE ***REQUIREMENTS: 8+ years of professional experience in software developmentMust have strong handson Java Development experienceHandson Springboot experienceAngular/ANy frontend frameworksJob Responsibilities: Be Lead/Manager of Offshore teamDevelop key product features within existing large scale enterprise applications and new strategic initiativesParticipate in the full SDLC involving design, implementation, testing, and launchingCollaborate with cross functional partners (QA, Business Analyst, Tech Pubs, etc.) in an Agile/Scrum team environmentAssist with the generation and analysis of business and functional requirements for proposed software solutionsProvide project estimationsDevelop code based on design specificationPerform code reviewsCreate design specifications, documentation, and unit testing plans as defined by the Agile development processBuild software solutions where the problem is not well defined; Design and define the interaction between the other component piecesJob Types: Full time, ContractPay: $59,47300 $180,97000 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftExperience:Java: 8 years (Required)Work Location:Multiple locations Happy Cog is looking for a full time Frontend Developer to join our team. We’re a growing interactive agency of 70+ people in Manhattan's NoMad District with great clients (like Google, Airbnb, &pizza, Twelve South, Etsy, The Associated Press, New York City, St. Regis, Columbia University, and WPP) and an incredible roadmap. You’ll be a member of our development team, working closely with our other fantastic front end and backend developers during every phase of your projects. You’ll also be communicating directly with clients, project managers, and designers to understand their requirements and present your work. Your job will be fun, challenging, and interesting. You’ll be working on 2 3 projects at any time; typically one large buildout and a few smaller projects to keep things fresh. You will: Bring visual designs to life using the latest in libraries, frameworks, and tooling. Learn new technologies on the job. We do not specialize in any one language, framework, tool, or methodology – we require our engineers to be resourceful when it comes to learning about shiny new things. You may be a great fit for this role if you: Are able to write high quality, well documented, and maintainable code. Can empathize with our clients needs and recommend the best possible technical solutions for their unique situations. Work on large projects with a team of multiple of engineers, UI designers, and product/project managers. Have digital agency or freelancing experience. Are an empathetic, caring, and emotionally intelligent human being code monkeys need not apply. Are equallly interested in both modern stateful JavaScript frameworks and advanced frontend visual techniques. Have demonstrable professional experience with at least one JavaScript framework, such as React, Vue, Angular, etc. Projects you could work on: Happy Cog is a growing company, and we have more projects than ever, which is why we're hiring! Every project is unique, and you'd be working on those that your skills and experience would be best suited for. Here are some examples of projects we've worked on recently so you can get an idea of what we do. Our tech stack varies from project to project, but some that are used more frequently include Nodejs, Typescript, React, Angular, Foundation, Tailwind, Webpack, ES6, and (many) others. Building out modular/component based visuals in tandem with HTTP APIs and modern CMS platforms (we're not big fans of rigid "templates"). Experimenting with advanced visual techniques and animations to test the limits of what is possible in modern CSS. Defining and setting up a strong foundation for long term maintainability for large scale design systems, and architecting solutions for today's problems and accommodate what future iterations might bring. Consult with our in house visual design team on technical feasibility, prototyping complex interactions or dynamic interfaces, or brainstorming on possible solutions to the problem at hand. Requirements: You should have a minimum of 3 years of professional experience, preferably in a technical role. We offer: A creative environment to do the best work of your career. An amazing team of developers, designers, marketers, project managers, and the occasional four legged office pet. Lunch paid for every day by the company for team members in the NYC office via your own Seamless account. Flexible hours. Flexible paid vacation policy. Health, Dental, and Vision insurance. Retirement plan with company matching. Perks and discounts from many stores and services cell phone bills, hotels, rental cars, gyms, etc... Join Us! If you’re interested please apply as soon as possible, attention Jeremy Gimbel. Examples of your real world work are more important than a perfect resume. If you worked on a project with a team, please tell us which parts you were responsible for. Summary Posted: Sep 15, 2020 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200192000 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Do you want to build state of the art systems used by millions of users every day? WPC Payments Web Engineering is the place to be if you are passionate about working on awesome technology that impacts our millions of users daily. As part of the WPC Payments Web Engineering team, you will have the opportunity to explore and contribute to a wide variety of interesting projects. We would love to hear from you if you're enthusiastic, highly motivated, and want to make an impact! Be a part of an innovative impactful team making a difference. Key Qualifications Experience building pixel perfect, robust and, accessible user interfaces on the web Experience in Single Page Application architecture Proficient in at least one JavaScript framework like Angular, React, VueJS, or equivalent Experience with CSS3 and Less/Sass (ability to write mixins, partials, functions, etc) and usage in large scale applications Expertise in front end design and JavaScript libraries such as AngularJS, ReactJS, jQuery, and VueJS Passion for building a rich and innovative user experience Strong computer science fundamentals in design, data structures, and problem solving Description As a Front End Web Engineer you will be responsible for building the next generation of user experiences for payment management. We need a highly motivated and skillful engineer to work with HTML, Typescript/JavaScript, and CSS/Sass and related tooling, frameworks, and libraries. Attention to detail and a dedication to deliver a high quality, stable delivery is essential. To be successful you are self motivated; driven to achieve and exceed commitments. You also need to exude strong collaboration skills and possess a strong passion to work in a growing, energizing environment of innovation. If you want to be part of this amazing team, this position is for you. Responsibilities of the position include the following: Build pixel perfect, robust and, accessible user interfaces on the web Drive independently a project from inception to production deployment with a strong focus on performance and robustness Follow our software development process including writing unit tests, perform code reviews etc. Ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly Work effectively with cross functional teams to develop features Provide support for production deployments Demonstrate ability to deliver results on time with high quality Education & Experience BS in Computer Science or equivalent, MS preferred Backend DeveloperEnergybox is a leading, global IoT Automation & Solutions Company. We help multi site customers automate their operations, reduce costs and improve sustainability. We provide an integrated IoT platform which includes proprietary sensors, controls, software and AI to monitor, automate and optimize facilities, equipment and processesEnergybox is seeking a high energy, self motivated individual to play a key role with ensuring reliability and resilience of products, systems, and customer relationships. The candidate will be involved in ensuring well organized support of deployments and subscribers via the growing Energybox integration partner networkRequired person’s mindsetStrong leadership, flexibility, excellent interpersonal and communication skillsAssertive, well organized, analytical and having good problem solving skillsTeamplayer within a company that rewards competence, performance and teamworkDrive to excel and result orientationInnovation and Simplicity is key in our businessCustomer Delight mindsetWants to make a differenceDriven by passionResonance with our values: People, Simplicity, Delight Customers, Passion and SustainabilityAbout your jobBe part of the global team, share responsible, share effort, and joy as ONE teamResponsible for development implementation, deployment and testing of cloud applicationParticipate in gathering user requirements, system analysis, design and performance tuningProduce high quality deliverables based on thorough understanding of business requirementsProvide technical support during development, UAT and productionProvide documentation on functional and technical specificationsDebugging whereas necessaryAbout youProficiency in Java and Spring framework: Web/MVC, REST, Data, JPA, AOPStrong Knowledge on Relational DB (MySQL or PostgreSQL), Document DB ( Mongo, CouchDB orDynamoDB )Experience with Graph Databases, Time Series DatabasesComfortable in a Linux/Unix environmentMaster in computer science, or related discipline or solid hands on experience on software development5 years+ working experience on related development fieldSharp analytical abilities, excellent communication skills, capable of working effectively in a dynamic environmentProven object oriented design skills and able to find creative scalable solutions to difficult problemsStrong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, internet security and networking fundamentals and designing for performance, scalability and availabilityExperience in supporting high traffic, high throughput, distributed real time systems and servicesExperience in automated software testingComfortable using GIT and Docker containersExperience in working with AWS Cloud services or Google CloudStrong sense of ownership, urgency, and driveExperience with Streaming Platforms and Message Brokers (Kafka, RabbitMQ etc) and ReactiveProgramming is a big plusKnowledge or experience with AWS IoT or Google IoT is a big plusExperience with CD / CI : Terraform, Ansible, KubernetesAny knowledge or experience on energy efficiency, green building and building management system technologyEnergybox is proud to be an equal employment opportunity workplaceJob Type: Full timePay: $90,88300 $178,98800 per year Auto req ID: 220578BR Job Description eCommerce Senior Machine Learning Engineer PepsiCo operates in an environment undergoing immense and rapid change. Our ability to quickly make more data driven decisions than our competitors is a key competitive advantage in the food and beverage space. To safeguard and extend this advantage, PepsiCo has assembled a dedicated Global Data Science and Analytics team – tasked with developing innovations. While tied closely to broader PepsiCo, the this group more closely resembles a start up environment; embracing the core values of having bias for action, being results oriented, maintaining a community focus, and prioritizing people. PepsiCo’s Global Data Science and Analytics (DSA) group is a team of researchers, technology specialists, data scientists, and business innovators who collaborate to build industry leading systems and solutions. By focusing on AI driven decision support, as well as more traditional machine learning and automation, the DSA group is pushing the bounds of possibility for PepsiCo and its strategic partners. What PepsiCo Data Science & Analytics does: Drive better decision making by creating decision support tools that range from BI dashboards to interactive AI applications Build machine learning systems to understand both consumers and the cross channel grocery ecosystem Perform statistical analysis across diverse datasets to drive and measure performance Work with PepsiCo’s strategic partners to expand their technical capabilities, thereby creating a more robust data environment Develop scalable tools to drive automation and optimize business operations Drive improvements to experimental methodology and knowledge sharing across the entire company As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer, you will play a critical role in executing the global agenda. You will be tasked with identifying, designing, and implementing data science/machine learning solutions to business problems. You will collaborate with the other DSA teams to create a robust, shared codebase; on which PepsiCo will build automated systems. You will work with internal business stakeholders and strategic partners to identify opportunities for collaborative development and foster a data driven culture between relevant teams. Responsibilities Mentor more junior team members and contribute to a culture where everyone is valued Analyze large data sets and develop custom models to uncover trends, patterns and insights Own machine learning pipelines end to end Work with technologists both inside and outside DSA to identify long term, sustainable solutions Write production grade machine learning code using standard software engineering methodologies Help non engineers develop their software engineering skills. Provide critical thought leadership to enhance organizational capabilities by utilizing big and small data Qualifications/Requirements A track record demonstating success in these responsibilities, as well as 3+ years of professional experience in Software Engineering Advanced degree or 2+ years of professional experience in Machine Learning Significant experience deploying and managing production grade “Big Data” systems Broad knowledge of best practices in large and small scale data processing Ability to effectively and concisely communicate with both business and technical audiences Relocation Eligible: Not Eligible for Relocation Job Type: Regular All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity Our Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other applicable laws, including but not limited to, San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901 4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance; and Chapter XVII, Article 9 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code, commonly referred to as the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy Please view our Pay Transparency Statement Client PelotonNYC NY, SFO, CA locationPosition Android Automation Engineer (Espresso)Android Engineer MUST HAVEESPRESSO MUST HAVEOnshore offshore work is required.· 9+ years of hands on experience with Android Developer/ Java Developer· Solid understanding of object oriented concepts with any OO languages· Solid understanding of GIT· Hands on experience with Espresso Automation Framework,· Experience interacting with REST API for test data setup or testing· Experience working in a CI environment & Agile EnvironmentSkillsMust Have ( Yrs of Exp)Android Automation EngineerEspressoJob Type: Full timePay: From $5000 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftExperience:Java: 1 year (Preferred)Android: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsThis Job Is:A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applyWork Remotely:No About the position Reflexions is seeking a forward looking web developer with broad experience who's eager to learn in a supportive team environment. You will become a key member of engineering team, allowing us to expand our capabilities and take on more challenging projects. You will support other members of the team as well as take the lead on both new and ongoing projects. The developer position requires a strong working knowledge of software and web development best practices, including MVP design patterns, security, test driven development, and performance. You will need to be curious about expanding your own skillset, emerging trends, platforms, and technologies. What you'll do Develop next generation web and mobile experiences using emerging toolsets and frameworks Collaborate closely with other design, development, and customer facing team members Participate in code reviews Collaborate closely with our Quality Assurance team to understand, refine, and verify test cases Assist with DevOps including code release management and deployment, where applicable Produce clean, readable code with corresponding documentation Meet with clients to understand their needs and propose technical solutions Play different roles on different projects, and take on additional duties as appropriate What we're looking for 1 2 years of Full stack software development experience using a web or mobile programming language, HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript, React, and/or Vue, MySQL and/or PostgreSQL, and some familiarity with AWS. Knowledge of GraphQL is a bonus Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, similar technical degree, or an impressive GitHub profile Deep understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures, algorithms, and software design principles Must be willing to work in a closely knit team environment and must demonstrate a passion for solving business problems with technology Experience with test driven development (unit, acceptance and functional testing) Attributes Excellent communication and listening skills Curiosity with an eagerness to learn quickly on the job Good collaborator and ability to excel in a team setting A strong work ethic and ‘can do’ problem solving attitude Attention to detail and drive to be successful Self motivated and genuinely excited by technology Works well under pressure and can work to occasional tight deadlines Friendly and approachable Fluency in the English language Willing to travel to client sites as required Benefits You can expect a supportive, knowledgeable, and inclusive team to help you succeed. Our benefits include: Competitive salary, commensurate with experience Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverages, FSA, HSA Generous paid time off Flexible work from home policy Team lunches 3x a week Learning and development stipends Commuter benefits 401(k) retirement plan A stocked kitchen and drinks fridge Pet friendly office COVID 19 UPDATE: The NYC office will remain closed until we feel it is safe to return. All interviews will be virtual until further notice. Small Teams; Big Data At Tapad, we look for individuals who are motivated by complex and challenging work. We want to work with people who share compelling solutions to those challenges, solutions informed by their unique experiences, passions, and expertise. We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our global engineering team in New York City. We need a person who can work hands on as an engineer, solving complex problems and building advanced software systems. We face daily challenges that are both unique and engaging, while processing data at petabyte scale. That is over one trillion data points in any given 60 day period — with consumer privacy and data security at the heart of everything we do. The size and scale of our challenges demand the use of cutting edge, open source technologies, like Apache Spark, Apache Beam, and Kubernetes. We're proud to have been built on Scala from day one. Collaboration is at the forefront of our day to day at Tapad. You would be working with multiple engineering domains, and with our commercial teams, to guarantee that we are delivering the best products. We believe that our engineers have an obligation to dissent and discuss. A successful Tapad engineer understands that their ideas hold weight, and they contribute freely and regularly. We want someone who is motivated to find large scale solutions with us. We work with big data on small teams. Every contribution is important. When you work with us, you matter. We ask our employees to make an impact, and feel it is only right to give a lot in return. We offer every employee a 401k with matching, generous parental leave, and unlimited PTO (and we mean it!). We believe if you're sick, feel like you're getting sick, or just need a personal day, you should take that time to get better. We have free virtual lunches every month, free continuous education, and an open door policy every day. We make sure our virtual office is a welcoming space, full of individuals who can teach and learn from one another everyday. Technologies we use at Tapad (don't worry, we'll teach you): Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Google Dataflow/Beam, SQL, BigQuery Scala, sbt, cats, http4s, fs2 Spark, Python Airflow, Prometheus, Kubernetes We are looking for candidates who meet some of the following qualifications: 5+ years of software engineering Experience working with Big Data Experience with containerization Multi threaded application development Experience architecting and implementing fault tolerant complex systems Bonus Experience: Scala programming experience 1+ years functional programming experience Knowledge of JVM ecosystem Experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Kubernetes, BigQuery A day in the life of a Tapad Engineer: Serve as a Senior member of the team by contributing to the architecture, design and implementation Mentor junior engineers and enable their growth Lead and drive technical projects. Take responsibility for the planning, execution and success of complex technical projects Collaborate with other engineering, product, and data science teams to ensure we're building the best products Strong leader capable of motivating and energizing your fellow team members and gaining their respect Tapad Perks: Generous PTO no accruing necessary 401k matching, Life, LTD & STD Insurance, dental, vision, and telehealth plan with 24/7 access to a dedicated team of physical and mental healthcare providers On site medical and dental partitioners (we bring the doctors in house so you can make appointments at your convenience) Scala School (we'll teach you!), Coursera, LinkedIn learning, peer lead professional development, and an abundance of resources to help you stay sharp Unlimited snacks and beverages, collaboration catered lunches (virtual lunches until we're back in the office) Discounts on gym memberships Foosball, ping pong, diversity and inclusion group, book club, Tough Mudder, push up challenges, and tons of other extra curricular activities that will make you feel like part of the Tapad family (virtual game nights and happy hours until we're back in the office) Check out our #TapadLife page to see what our employees have to say Find more about our engineering culture HERE About Tapad: Founded in 2010, Tapad cracked the code on cross device marketing technology. Our groundbreaking, proprietary technology assimilates trillions of data points to find the relationship between smartphones, desktops, laptops, tablets, and connected TVs. Ten years later, we are processing data at petabyte scale, with an engineering team that comprises roughly half of our entire organization. When you work with us, you matter, and your work matters. We use Scala, in combination with large scale data processing and open source technologies, to build our device graph. Across our engineering teams, we also use Scala, GCP, Spark, Kubernetes, Python, TypeScript, Angular, and anything else that helps us get the job done. We're open minded about new technologies, we're passionate about what we do, and we make time for everyone to learn and grow as the industry changes. Engineers at Tapad are approachable and ambitious people who think outside the box and solve big problems collaboratively. Are you up for the challenge? Tapad is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of age, sex, race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, disability, or any other legally protected status. Tapad does not accept resumes from unsolicited search firms nor recruiters. In no event shall fees be paid to any unsolicited search firms nor recruiters, regardless of whether the candidate is made an offer or accepts a placement at Tapad. All resumes received through any channels will be considered the sole property of Tapad. Tapad's Talent Team is solely responsible for making the decision on forming partnerships with search firms and third party recruiters. Any communication outside Tapad's Talent team will not be an agreement of services. QB is a rapidly expanding fin tech firm specializing in agency algorithms in futures and fixed income markets. QB’s culture is founded on curiosity, creativity, and hard work, based on tested quantitative research. Our team is smart, innovative and constantly hunting for inspired solutions to reduce implicit trading costs and manage execution risk for our clients. We value individuals who are detail oriented and seek perfection in their work. We are looking for a highly motivated, talented and responsible front end development engineer with advanced web technology skills to join our trading systems development team in NYC. You will have the opportunity to make significant contributions to our platform and help define our product’s strategic direction through thoughtful web design and solid development. A successful candidate would be an individual contributor with a passion for UI design, development and visualization, and a penchant for implementing complex trading workflows in a short period of time. As a key member of this team, you will be expected to design, code, test and deploy projects while working in a fast paced environment. You may also be occasionally required to troubleshoot production issues when they occur. Skills and Background Required: 5+ years experience programming HTML5, JavaScript, Nodejs, Angular, React Strong understanding and working knowledge of HTTP, web services and web sockets Experience with database design and development, SQL C#/.Net UI development skills would be an advantage Strong analytical and problem solving skills with a proactive attitude to own issues and solve them Excellent team player and communication skills Desired: Prior experience with developing front end systems for trading/order management Experience with Python and other scripting languages Prior experience with data visualization Prior experience in KDB/Q is a plus We're seeking a Frontend Engineer to aid us in our mission to improve human health and quality of life through advanced computational methods! Schrödinger is on the cutting edge of computer aided drug discovery and materials science. We set the record for the world's largest and fastest cloud computing run, and our software suites continue to revolutionize the design of novel therapeutics and materials. FEP+, Glide, Maestro, WaterMap, and LiveDesign are just a few examples of the programs we've created. As a member of the LiveDesign team, you'll join a group of passionate engineers, entrepreneurs, scientists, and tinkerers in their efforts to develop a rich web application that allows scientists to leverage the power of physics based simulations through all stages of the drug discovery process. Using your love of web development and eye for coding quality, you will play an essential role in virtual experimentation on massive compute grids and the analysis of the resulting data. Who will love this job: An application developer who understands JavaScript and other web technologies such as HTML5 and CSS3 A proficient integrator of RESTful web services A source controller (ie., Git, SVN) who has experience with asynchronous and event driven programming on a real project A computer scientist with an interest in chemistry, physics, or biology An excellent verbal and written communicator with great interpersonal skills An independent time manager who's enthusiastic about learning new methods to solve challenging problems What you'll do: Work with product designers, touch the full technology stack, and use your own judgement to fill in gaps as you deliver features and functionality to meet business and product goals Collaborate with other frontend engineers to architect solutions Work with a cross functional agile team of geographically disparate members Design and build usable interfaces that scale Implement features using appropriate software design patterns and best practices Participate in code reviews Implement integration tests and unit tests to drive development Demonstrate shippable quality code to achieve story acceptance What you'll need: At least four years of web development experience A solid understanding of JavaScript libraries, frameworks and supersets (ie., ReactJS, jQuery, Underscore, Backbone, Angular, RequireJS, Google Closure, TypeScript) An ability to write well abstracted, reusable code for UI components Familiarity with Python / Web Services is a plus Pay and perks: Schrödinger understands it's people that make a company great. Because of this, we're prepared to offer a competitive salary, stock options, and a wide range of benefits that include healthcare (with dental and vision), a 401k, pre tax commuter benefits, a flexible work schedule, and a parental leave program. We have catered meals in the office every day, a company culture that is relaxed but engaged, and over a month of paid vacation time. Our Administrative and Human Resources departments also plan a myriad of fun company wide events. New York is home to our largest office, but we have teams all over the world. Schrödinger is honored to have been selected as one of Crain's New York Best Places to Work in 2018 and 2019. We've been working remotely from across the world over the past few months because the health and safety of our employees is paramount. Nonetheless, we have kept Schrödinger's outstanding culture going through a series of online fitness classes, trivia nights, happy hours, and so much more. Sound exciting? Apply today and join us! As an equal opportunity employer, Schrödinger hires outstanding individuals into every position in the company. People who work with us have a high degree of engagement, a commitment to working effectively in teams, and a passion for the company's mission. We place the highest value on creating a safe environment where our employees can grow and contribute, and refuse to discriminate on the basis of race, color, religious belief, sex, age, disability, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, marital status, partnership status, caregiver status, sexual and reproductive health decisions, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation. To us, "diversity" isn't just a buzzword, but an important element of our core principles and key business practices. We believe that diverse companies innovate better and think more creatively than homogenous ones because they take into account a wide range of viewpoints. For us, greater diversity doesn't mean better headlines or public images it means increased adaptability and profitability. Fiddler Crab Games is looking for extremely skilled programmers at all experience levels to form the core of its technology team, working full time on multiple titles for PC and mobile platforms. The ideal candidate has finished games and shows a high aptitude for game programming and knowledge of the many different systems that go into the development of a game. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well in a team. Experience with as many of the following as possible: C++, C#, Lua script integration, HLSL/Cg shaders, heavy 3D math (including quaternions), real time physics, A* pathfinding, inverse kinematics, multithreading, current gen console development, client/server programming. US. citizenship, or authorization to work in the United States. Passion for games and game development, and pride in their work. We're always looking out for new talent! If you want to join our team in sunny Brooklyn, NY, please send your resume and cover letter to careers@fiddlercrabgamescom Contract Opportunity for a Mainframe Programmer Analyst Consultant in New York City. The Consultant will be responsible to maintain and support the Emergency Control system and other Legacy mainframe applications used primarily by Gas Emergency Response Center. Some responsibilities are: Establish necessary development and deployment ecosystem Understand and document user requirements Develop and maintain as per requirements Model and design IMS/DB2 database, where necessary Work with other teams and IT Support groups to establish necessary interfaces and ensure the solutions meet expected standards This is an hourly position with opportunity for overtime. **All Candidates Must be Authorized to Legally Work in the US Without Sponsorship** Mandatory Qualifications: Strong IMS/COBOL/DB2 candidate with a minimum of 5 years of experience in COBOL 4 and/or COBOL 6 programming. Be able to compile, bind and execute COBOL programs with or without IMS/DB2 Ability to code and debug IMS hierarchical database/ IMS on line message processing, IMS, BMP processing (Batch IMS programs) Knowledge of IMS transactions processing is a must Possess 2 plus years of experience working under MVS ZOS mainframe Experience with operating system, mainframe JCL (Job Control Language), and mainframe production batch processes Ability to read basic MVS/IMS dumps and logs to determine the point of failure to provide fail safe software corrections/changes 2 years of experience in DB2, DB2 stored procs Knowledge of MQ inter system message communications to send and receive messages from and to other systems Familiar with the software development cycle from initiation to the implementation phase. Work with peer consultants/employees in our support group to ensure that production systems are supported as necessary Help the client's Operations/Systems group to test new versions of IMS, DB2, MQ Assist in testing Disaster Recovery, mainframe Fail over Support the mainframe system during planned/unplanned mainframe outage This job requires support as needed both off hours and on weekends Powered by JazzHR RrVenTtfPi Mobile Engineer Location: Work 100% REMOTE! Salary: Up to 130k base plus strong benefits (see below) Skills: iOS & Android, shipped apps We are a Series C startup which has raised over $50m to date. A great opportunity to work in AI products for the sports/fitness/health industry Top Reasons to Work with UsRapidly growing startup so lots of opportunityStrong benefits packageGreat time to join as we build a new and cutting edge architecture! What You Will Be DoingYou will be responsible for designing, coding, testing and implementing the next generation of our iOS and Android apps. Design, code, test and implement advanced features for our existing apps You will work within a cross functional & highly collaborative team including designers, product managers, data scientists, QA and other engineering professionalsArchitect robust and scalable solutionsWork through the full lifecycle from ideation to shipping the appIdentify and resolve performance issuesEnsure coding standards are followed What You Need for this Position BS in CS (or similar) 3+ years of INDUSTRY experience with mobile engineering Ideally multiple shipped apps at enterprise level Must have experience with both iOS and Android Ideally all the following: Swift, Objective C, Kotlin, Java and C++ What's In It for You Competitive base, 100% paid healthcare/dental/vision premiums for you (and 65% paid for your family), 401k, flexible/unlimited PTO policy, mobile phone reimbursement and more! So, if you are a Mobile Engineer with experience with iOS and Android, please apply today!Applicants must be authorized to work in the US. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Peloton's Quality Engineering team is looking for experienced, well rounded Software Development Engineer In Test (SDET) to work on our award winning Peloton products Peloton Bike & Peloton Tread. As a member of Peloton's Product Engineering Backend team you'll be the one powering every user experience across Bike, Tread, mobile, web, and TV in four different countries. We help users take live and on demand classes, send each other high fives, compete on the leaderboard, take part in challenges, discover new music, and much more. We are building an API that changes people's lives, you can check out the Peloton members page and see what our users are up to: https://wwwfacebook.com/groups/pelotonmembers Peloton's Product Engineering Backend team is looking for a Software Development Engineer in Test. You are demanding of high quality products and believe in (almost) all things automated. It's an opportunity to grow within Peloton's test engineering team and help us implement good test engineering practices YOU WILL HAVE: Strong programming skills obtained through a degree or equivalent experience. 5+ years experience working in software test automation for API. Solid understanding of object oriented concepts with any OO languages Experience with one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Python, Kotlin, Scala or Java. Solid understanding of GIT Experience interacting with REST API Ability to accomplish complex engineering task independently IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL: Implement test tools and frameworks for our backend services API, Leaderboard etc Define, design and implement automation test cases for regression, integration, service and contract tests of all the leaderboard services Integrate testing efforts and tools with CICD Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results Create logs to document testing phases and defects Find and report bugs with accurate, technically complete and concise steps to reproduce. Help troubleshoot issues Collaborate with QA Engineers to develop effective strategies and test plans BONUS POINTS IF YOU: Experience working writing and running CI/CD jobs Monitoring/Tracing/Profiling: Monitoring tools such as Datadog, Tracing tools such as Zipkin or Datadog APM Deploy platforms and tooling: Jenkins, Kubernetes Caching: Memcache, Redis Relational Database: Postgres, or MySQL ABOUT PELOTON Peloton is the largest interactive fitness platform in the world with a loyal community of more than 3 million Members. The company pioneered connected, technology enabled fitness, and the streaming of immersive, instructor led boutique classes for its Members anytime, anywhere. Peloton makes fitness entertaining, approachable, effective, and convenient, while fostering social connections that encourage its Members to be the best versions of themselves. An innovator at the nexus of fitness, technology, and media, Peloton has reinvented the fitness industry by developing a first of its kind subscription platform that seamlessly combines the best equipment, proprietary networked software, and world class streaming digital fitness and wellness content, creating a product that its Members love. The brand's immersive content is accessible through the Peloton Bike, Peloton Tread, Peloton Bike+, Peloton Tread+, and Peloton App, which allows access to a full slate of fitness classes across disciplines, on any iOS or Android device, Apple TV, Fire TV, Roku TVs, and Chromecast and Android TV. Founded in 2012 and headquartered in New York City, Peloton has a growing number of retail showrooms across the US, UK, Canada and Germany. For more information, visit wwwonepeloton.com. COVID 19 UPDATE: The NYC office will remain closed until we feel it is safe to return. All interviews will be virtual until further notice. Small Teams; Big Data At Tapad, we look for individuals who are motivated by complex and challenging work. We want to work with people who share compelling solutions to those challenges, solutions informed by their unique experiences, passions, and expertise. We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our global engineering team in New York City. We need a person who can work hands on as an engineer, solving complex problems and building advanced software systems. We face daily challenges that are both unique and engaging, while processing data at petabyte scale. That is over one trillion data points in any given 60 day period — with consumer privacy and data security at the heart of everything we do. The size and scale of our challenges demand the use of cutting edge, open source technologies, like Apache Spark, Apache Beam, and Kubernetes. We're proud to have been built on Scala from day one. Collaboration is at the forefront of our day to day at Tapad. You would be working with multiple engineering domains, and with our commercial teams, to guarantee that we are delivering the best products. We believe that our engineers have an obligation to dissent and discuss. A successful Tapad engineer understands that their ideas hold weight, and they contribute freely and regularly. We want someone who is motivated to find large scale solutions with us. We work with big data on small teams. Every contribution is important. When you work with us, you matter. We ask our employees to make an impact, and feel it is only right to give a lot in return. We offer every employee a 401k with matching, generous parental leave, and unlimited PTO (and we mean it!). We believe if you're sick, feel like you're getting sick, or just need a personal day, you should take that time to get better. We have free virtual lunches every month, free continuous education, and an open door policy every day. We make sure our virtual office is a welcoming space, full of individuals who can teach and learn from one another everyday. Technologies we use at Tapad (don't worry, we'll teach you): Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Google Dataflow/Beam, SQL, BigQuery Scala, sbt, cats, http4s, fs2 Spark, Python Airflow, Prometheus, Kubernetes We are looking for candidates who meet some of the following qualifications: 5+ years of software engineering Experience working with Big Data Experience with containerization Multi threaded application development Experience architecting and implementing fault tolerant complex systems Bonus Experience: Scala programming experience 1+ years functional programming experience Knowledge of JVM ecosystem Experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Kubernetes, BigQuery A day in the life of a Tapad Engineer: Serve as a Senior member of the team by contributing to the architecture, design and implementation Mentor junior engineers and enable their growth Lead and drive technical projects. Take responsibility for the planning, execution and success of complex technical projects Collaborate with other engineering, product, and data science teams to ensure we're building the best products Strong leader capable of motivating and energizing your fellow team members and gaining their respect Tapad Perks: Generous PTO no accruing necessary 401k matching, Life, LTD & STD Insurance, dental, vision, and telehealth plan with 24/7 access to a dedicated team of physical and mental healthcare providers On site medical and dental partitioners (we bring the doctors in house so you can make appointments at your convenience) Scala School (we'll teach you!), Coursera, LinkedIn learning, peer lead professional development, and an abundance of resources to help you stay sharp Unlimited snacks and beverages, collaboration catered lunches (virtual lunches until we're back in the office) Discounts on gym memberships Foosball, ping pong, diversity and inclusion group, book club, Tough Mudder, push up challenges, and tons of other extra curricular activities that will make you feel like part of the Tapad family (virtual game nights and happy hours until we're back in the office) Check out our #TapadLife page to see what our employees have to say Find more about our engineering culture HERE About Tapad: Founded in 2010, Tapad cracked the code on cross device marketing technology. Our groundbreaking, proprietary technology assimilates trillions of data points to find the relationship between smartphones, desktops, laptops, tablets, and connected TVs. Ten years later, we are processing data at petabyte scale, with an engineering team that comprises roughly half of our entire organization. When you work with us, you matter, and your work matters. We use Scala, in combination with large scale data processing and open source technologies, to build our device graph. Across our engineering teams, we also use Scala, GCP, Spark, Kubernetes, Python, TypeScript, Angular, and anything else that helps us get the job done. We're open minded about new technologies, we're passionate about what we do, and we make time for everyone to learn and grow as the industry changes. Engineers at Tapad are approachable and ambitious people who think outside the box and solve big problems collaboratively. Are you up for the challenge? Tapad is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of age, sex, race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, disability, or any other legally protected status. Tapad does not accept resumes from unsolicited search firms nor recruiters. In no event shall fees be paid to any unsolicited search firms nor recruiters, regardless of whether the candidate is made an offer or accepts a placement at Tapad. All resumes received through any channels will be considered the sole property of Tapad. Tapad's Talent Team is solely responsible for making the decision on forming partnerships with search firms and third party recruiters. Any communication outside Tapad's Talent team will not be an agreement of services. Tower Research Capital, a high frequency proprietary trading firm founded in 1998, seeks experienced Software Developers for our Core Engineering team. These systems enable Tower to execute algorithmic trading strategies based on patterns in market behavior. By building and maintaining this high performance infrastructure, Tower's developers have helped to position the firm as a leader in the field of quantitative trading. Responsibilities Designing and implementing a high frequency trading platform, which includes collecting quotes and trades from and disseminating orders to exchanges around the world Optimizing this platform by using network and systems programming, as well as other advanced techniques to minimize latency Developing systems that provide easy access to historical market data and trading simulations Creating tools to analyze data for patterns Building risk management and performance tracking tools Shaping the future of the Core Engineering team through regular interviewing and occasional campus recruiting trips Qualifications A degree in computer science A strong background in data structures, algorithms, and object oriented programming in C++ Brilliant problem solving abilities The ability to manage multiple tasks in a fast paced environment Strong communication skills Working knowledge of Linux Knowledge of any other development language, including Java, Python, or Perl and Shell scripts (a plus) Financial experience is not required. Benefits Tower's dual offices and garden roofdecks are located in TriBeCa and SoHo, neighborhoods in downtown Manhattan. While we work hard, Tower's cubicle free workplace, jeans clad workforce, and well stocked kitchens reflect the premium the firm places on quality of life. Benefits include: Competitive salary 401(k) with company matching Five weeks of paid vacation per year plus nine paid holidays Free breakfast, lunch, and snacks on a daily basis Reimbursement for health and wellness expenses Free tickets to New York events, including the US Open and TriBeCa Film Festival Title SQL Server Database Developer with Migration experience Location New York, NY Job Information 4+ yrs exp in MS SQL or PL / SQL, 2+ yrs of ETL Dev Exp Lead Full Stack Engineer Equinox Media Overview It is an exciting yet critical time at Equinox Media and we're looking for a Lead Full Stack Engineer who has a strong technical background to lead our web and eCommerce team in building the platform that powers our member acquisition and sales funnels. This is a unique role that will help our teams invent new ways of connecting people to the communities and fitness that they love. Our teams embrace a true entrepreneurial spirit; operating with humility, perseverance, and care for one another. We strive to continuously deliver the best results and focus on how every action helps push our mission forward of helping our members pursue Fitness everyday. If you're the type of leader who likes to be hands on, has experience building web and ecommerce applications that integrate with many other systems, and a track record of delivering high quality software, then this is the right role for you. Job Description As Lead Engineer, you will split your time between leading a team of engineers and contributing code to deliver new features and functionality. This is a hands on role that over time can evolve into an Engineering Management role as our team grows. Day to day you will collaborate with engineers, product managers, designers, marketing, operations, member experience, and outside partners. You will play a big role in hiring and growing the team to support the growth of the business and fostering the engineering culture at Equinox Media. What You Will Do: Full stack web application development primarily in React, Nextjs and Nodejs Manage a team of engineers Write clean, well architected, self documenting code Support team members and mentor other React/Node engineers through code review, knowledge sharing, and leading by example Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of the team Actively participate in all major technical discussions related to the platform Create a culture of observability within the team, constantly keeping an eye on the performance and stability of the platform Qualifications More About You (if you don't meet 100% of these qualifications but have the relevant experience, that's OK we still encourage you to apply): 8 or more years of software development experience 2 to 4 years of experience leading a team Experience leading multiple complex software projects You have deep knowledge of modern design and development patterns You have experience deploying and maintaining applications in AWS (CloudFormation, API Gateway, ECS, RDS, Lambda) You have experience working with relational databases such as Postgres You have experience building and integrating with RESTful APIs You have a strong understanding of git and its popular branching models You have a strong understanding of testing and CI/CD practices You have experience working in an agile environment You have experience working with Docker You have experience working with common systems in an Ecommerce/Retail business such as eCommerce platforms, Content Management Systems, Payments platform, Subscription management systems, Fulfillment systems You have a passion for technology, learning, and finding the best solution About Our Tech Stack: We're using Contentful, Shopify Plus, and Stripe We're exploring international eCommerce and localization We use GraphQL! Additional Information At Equinox Media, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more resilient company. We celebrate unique points of views and experiences across age, gender identity, race, sexual orientation, physical or mental ability and ethnicity in building the future of our digital business. We aren't just a company; we're a community vested in each other's successes. We value humility and a team approach at every level of the company. We want to inspire a workplace where individuals embrace their differences and similarities, where we are building products and experiences that inspire and improve people's lives. Check out more about what we're building on Instagram and Variiscom Student Technology, Agile & Readiness Training (ST.AR.T) Program BNY Mellon’s ST.AR.T program provides high potential students with a well rounded, rewarding internship experience as well as an inside look into what it’s like to work for a global financial services organization that has been innovating and serving clients since 1784. We provide a best in class experience for our interns with engaging Agile Projects while providing first hand knowledge of our culture, people, business, and impact within the marketplace. ST.AR.T interns will participate in a robust technical experience in JavaScript, Python, CSS, Java, and more. From day one, summer analysts are immersed in BNY Mellon’s innovative and dynamic company culture as they will receive: Meaningful and challenging work assignments; Networking opportunities with peers, senior leaders and executives; Exposure to different areas of business; Professional Learning Opportunities; Problem solving, communications, time management, and leadership training Comprehensive professional etiquette and financial services fundamentals training; and Understanding of BNY Mellon’s commitment to diversity and inclusion. Program At A Glance: 10 week (US.) summer internship assignment within an identified line of business or division of BNY Mellon* that combines learning with skill development through practical work and projects; Orientation/onboarding and virtual training curriculum; plus Career development and networking support from a host of corporate leaders, senior mentors, peer mentors, business stakeholders and a dedicated program manager. Potential Program Locations: US: Pittsburgh, PA * New York, NY * Jersey City, NJ Program Highlights: Small, selective program size that allows for more personal attention and support; Participants can further develop their technical and business acumen skills/expertise, enhance leadership abilities and build networks across the organization; Robust onboarding and training curriculum designed specifically for summer analysts; Full commitment from top level management to make our program the premier internship/talent pipeline program within the financial services industry; Opportunity to apply for one of our full time pipeline leadership programs, including the Emerging Leaders Program (ELP), Operations Campus Analyst Program (OCAP) and Software Engineering & Technology University Program (SE.TU.P). Post ST.AR.T Opportunities: ST.AR.T aims to create a pipeline of talent to feed entry level pipeline program and entry level full time position hiring needs. Upon successful completion of the program as well as overall performance and business need, there are potential full time employment opportunities that our ST.AR.T interns may apply for, including the Emerging Leaders Program (ELP), Operations Campus Analyst Program (OCAP) and Software Engineering & Technology University Program (SE.TU.P) and full time direct hire roles. Developer Primary Responsibilities: Provides application software development services or technical support in relatively straightforward projects. Understands and follows the Software Development Life Cycle. Prepares and executes test plan and test data and records test results. According to standard procedures writes new programs, working with basic application system designs and specifications and utilizing standard procedures and techniques. May create database queries used to retrieve data from data warehouse and performs data calculations, consolidation, and summarization. May also work on front end development. Creates additional logic leveraging standard report writer functions or application coding. Formats report output according to standard procedures Designs and codes programs. Creates test transactions and runs tests to find errors and revise programs as necessary. Documents installation and operating procedures. Independently codes and then interfaces with senior level developers/architects to code, test and implement application programs Proposes innovative, creative technology solutions. Qualifications Program Eligibility/Qualifications: Enrollment in a 4 year undergraduate (US.) degree program with a strong focus on business related and/or technology related majors Rising junior or senior (US.) graduating in Dec 2021 or May 2022 Minimum cumulative GPA of 30 or better (US.) Well rounded and balanced background including demonstrated leadership abilities Strong written and oral communication skills For over 230 years, the people of BNY Mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one fifth of the world's financial assets. BNY Mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. Every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of BNY Mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. It's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. Make your mark: bnymelloncom/careers. Client Technology Solutions provides our business partners with client focused, technology based solutions. These enhance their ability to be successful through world class software solutions and leading edge infrastructure. Client Technology Solutions provides employees with the tools and resources to enhance their professional qualifications and careers. BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans. Our ambition is to build the best global team – one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve – and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums. Primary Location: United States New York New York Internal Jobcode: 05375 Job: Information Technology Organization: Office of CIO HR18027 Requisition Number: 2007833 Our client, an innovative, fast growing company in New York City, seeks a Backend Developer to build the backend infrastructure that drives their platform. Responsibilities: Help lead backend development and engineeringDesign and architect features from the ground up for a rapidly growing businessImprove and contribute to current development and engineering practices Qualifications: Passionate about data and performancePrior engineering experience in a role that was instrumental to the development and design of large scale internet applicationsExperience as a Python developerSolid understanding of software design principlesExperience with at least one database engine (ex. MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc.)Diverse knowledge of other programming languages is desirable but not required Long island city, New York United States | Posted 05/20/20 Overview Pretty basic Drupal Developer Drupal 7 developer/admin Candidate is looking for a Sr. level Drupal developer Candidate will take over deployed environment Angular JS experience would be a huge plus About Spruce Spruce is the platform enabling modern real estate transactions. We work with forward thinking mortgage lenders, real estate companies and investors, and we believe the future of real estate will be driven by automation, efficiency and digital experiences, and we provide the products and services necessary to make that happen. About the job The Site Reliability team plays a critical role in developing infrastructure to reliability serve our customers, enhancing developer productivity, and teaching others about SRE engineering best practices. As a Site Reliability Engineer you’ll get hands on experience building, deploying, and maintaining our internal and external systems, while working closely with the product engineers who use the systems you’re building. We’re looking for people with a strong background in systems. We’d love to hear from you whether you’re a seasoned systems developer, or whether you’ve just learned you might like working with databases. Our site reliability team works remotely, and we’d be happy to talk to you about the possibility of working remote. You might be a fit for this role if You think about systems design, edge cases, and fault tolerance You enjoy working with Kubernetes everyday to build scalable infrastructure systems You want to build automated release pipelines with CI/CD tools (eg. CircleCI, Jenkins) You can use a Unix shell to debug complex bugs across the whole stack You focus on the needs of both internal and external users You can write high quality code in a scripting language (eg. Golang, Python, NodeJS) You have experience with at least one major cloud provider (AWS, GCP, Azure) Projects you could work on Develop features for our automated Github Actions QA system Upgrade Kubernetes clusters with modern cloud native tooling and systems design Enhance our GitOps style CI/CD pipelines to make better production releases Implement monitoring tools to better observe our systems and understand if we’re meeting our service level objective (SLOs) Add request tracing to our systems and services Test our systems fault tolerance with load testing and Chaos Engineering tools We are proud of the team we’re building. We're committed to equal opportunity employment and beyond. We believe diverse experiences and perspectives build a stronger team and a better product. We welcome fresh perspectives and challenge our own assumptions to make Spruce better. The more inclusive we are as a company, the better we can serve our customers. Passionate about development in leading technologies? Looking to become a major player on a diverse team? Want to make a big impact on an engineer driven roadmap in your next career adventure? Koddi Engineers drive innovation by embracing challenges and deploying emerging technologies to solve complex problems in software development. As an Engineering Lead, you will work with an expansive network of global technology partners, making it possible to reach travelers across the globe and at every stage of their journey. Koddi's partners include Google, Facebook, TripAdvisor, and many more. The right candidates for this position are self motivated problem solvers who can lead teams to execute technical projects from design, implementation, deployment, and monitoring. WHO YOU ARE You have a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science with at least 8 years working experience on an enterprise level application You have strong coding fundamentals with experience in C, C++, GoLang, or Java You have experience building and managing effective teams in an Agile/Scrum environment You have broad experience working with software architecture and design You adapt well to working with emerging technologies You have a strong technical base and innovative mindset You thrive in ever changing environments You communicate well with coworkers of all levels WHAT YOU'LL DO Provide leadership and guidance to our software engineers in the development of their careers Be a hands on leader, working with the team to create organized, clean, and maintainable code Collaborate with product and apply the principles of the Agile methodology in developing and executing the product roadmap Own product features from concept to deployment Be an integral player in creating software best practices that incorporate new architectures Participate in lively technology discussions where your opinion is truly valued Be a great mentor to engineers across the organization WHO WE ARE Koddi is a technology company that was born in 2013 from an opportunity to innovate in the adtech space. Our award winning SaaS platform provides a robust network for brands to connect with consumers and drive revenue through native sponsored placements, metasearch, and programmatic media campaigns. Based in Fort Worth, Texas, we’ve grown to become a diverse global team. Ranked by Forbes, Deloitte, and Inc. magazine as one of the fastest growing companies in the nation, we’re growing rapidly and looking for innovative problem solvers to join our team. OUR MISSION AND PROMISE Getting the experience right, together. Why Choose Cognizant? It takes a lot to succeed in today’s fast paced market, and Cognizant Digital Business has become a proven leader in the industry. Cognizant love big ideas and even bigger ambitions. We stand out because we put human experiences at the core. We help clients engage customers by envisioning and building innovative products and services. But we don’t stop there. We develop go to market strategies and invent entirely new business models, ensuring that every company we work with walks away with both inspiration and a plan. Everything we do at Cognizant we do with passion—for our clients, our communities, and our organization. It’s the defining attribute that we look for in our people. Responsibilities: Develop and implement services based on Spring stack. Knowledge of development of services following micro services pattern/architecture. Participate in Requirements Analysis session & discussion for assigned user story Produce high level design diagrams for designated work in collaboration with architect. Coordinate with Lead and other members in the team for ensuing on time development of functionality Unit test the modules along with performing integration tests. Participate in code reviews and ensure code deliverables conforms to quality standards Raise on time concerns/queries and/or notification about technical issues with leads for their quick and timely resolution without affecting overall timeline Estimation of user stories, active participation in agile ceremonies viz daily scrum, sprint planning, sprint review, retrospective. Collaborate with other scrum teams Requirements: 8 12 years overall experience Mandatory: JAVA 8, SpringBoot, Spring, Microservices, Hibernate, SQL, Angular 8+ Good to have: AWS, CI/CD, Jenkins Strong emphasis on delivering large scale, multi platform web based software applications. Ability to learn new technologies quickly and strong OO design experience. Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our excellent industry based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more creative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the US., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ 100, ranked 205 on the Fortune 500 and consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Nov 13 2020 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq 100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the US., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at wwwcognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizantcom with your request and contact information. CSI is seeking a software developer to join our team in New York and help expand the user interface of new and existing CSI products. The chosen candidate shall be self motivated and have a passion for creating elegant user interfaces. Responsibilities Create adaptive and responsive UI for existing and new features in CSI products using WPF and C# Design, develop, and test new features in the applications Implement, test, and bug fix existing functionality Stay up to date with current and new technologies Qualifications Excellent knowledge of C# Strong familiarity with SOLID and Agile development principals principles Knowledge of the MVVM Design Pattern Good sense of style and usability in UI design Ability to implement visually compelling screens using Blend/XAML Experience with creation of custom control templates, dynamic resources for theming, etc. Strong communication skills Job description Description About this role At BlackRock, we are looking for Software Engineers who like to innovate and solve complex problems. We recognize that strength comes from diversity, and will embrace your unique skills, curiosity, drive, and passion while giving you the opportunity to grow technically and as an individual. With over USD $7 trillion of assets we have an exceptional responsibility: our technology empowers millions of investors to save for retirement, pay for college, buy a home and improve their financial wellbeing. Being a developer at BlackRock means you get the best of both worlds: working for one of the most advanced financial companies and also being part of a software development team responsible for next generation technology and solutions. What is Aladdin and the Aladdin Product Group (APG)? You will be working on BlackRock's investment operating system Aladdin. Aladdin is used both internally and externally by many financial institutions. Aladdin combines sophisticated risk analytics with comprehensive portfolio management, trading and operations tools on a single platform to power informed decision making and create a connective tissue for thousands of users investing worldwide. Our development team's sit inside APG. We collaboratively build the next generation of technology that changes the way information, people, and technology intersect for global investment firms. We build and package tools that manage trillions in assets and supports millions of financial instruments. We perform risk calculations and process millions of transactions for thousands of users every day worldwide! The Trading & Liquidity team within Aladdin Product Group is responsible for designing, development and support of software used by BlackRock and BlackRock Solution clients for all trading workflows. The team’s responsibilities include order management, execution management, pre and post trade analytics, algorithmic trading and liquidity discovery. The team focuses on delivering best in class enterprise trading solution for all financial products on one global real time platform. We are a global team with people based in New York, London, San Francisco, Gurgaon and Budapest. The Aladdin Trading System consists of applications built using a micro services architecture and utilizes technologies like Apache Cassandra, a highly available NoSQL database, Apache Zookeeper, a distributed coordinator and Spark Streaming for its rule engine. Responsibilities Lead individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables using AGILE methodologies Deliver high efficiency, high availability, concurrent and fault tolerant software systems Significantly contribute to development of Aladdin’s global, multi asset trading platform Provide impact and expertise as a senior individual contributor in building various capabilities of the OEMS (Order & Execution Management System) like real time market data pipelines, algorithmic trading, trade analytics, pre & post trade TCA, watch lists, smart order routing and integrated news & twitter feeds Guide and mentor team members in order to build a highly performant team Work with product management and business users to define the roadmap for the product Design and develop innovative solutions to complex problems, identifying issues and roadblocks Be a leader with vision and a partner in brainstorming solutions for team productivity, efficiency, training and motivating developers, and hiring new developers Qualifications 8 + years hands on experience in Java. Experience in building Order and Execution Management, Trading systems is ideal In depth understanding of concurrent programming and experience in designing high throughput, high availability, fault tolerant distributed applications is required. Expertise in building distributed applications using NOSQL technologies like Cassandra, coordination services like Zookeeper, and micro services architecture / SOA is required. Experience in message oriented middleware architecture is required. Knowledge of UI components including swing, web technologies is required. Understanding of relational databases is a must Strong analytical and software architecture design skills with an emphasis on test driven development. Experience in programming languages such as Scala, python would be a plus. Experience in using streaming technologies like spark streaming or storm would be a plus. Experience in using Project Management methodologies such as Agile/Scrum Expected to drive growth of the trading platform through performance, stability, usability and new investment product capabilities Effective communication and presentation skills (written and verbal) are required Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or engineering preferred. About BlackRock BlackRock’s purpose is to help more and more people experience financial well being. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of June 30, 2020, the firm managed approximately $732 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit wwwblackrock.com/corporate | Twitter: @blackrock | Blog: wwwblackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: wwwlinkedin.com/company/blackrock BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law. Job requisition # R180696 The Trading Operations (TradeOps) team is responsible for managing HRT's live trading environment. We play a role in everything that HRT does to create and maintain the most robust and efficient trading platform in the world. A TradeOps Developer might work on Ops specific tools, take on development projects with Core or Algo, or tackle challenges facing other areas of the company. Project areas include: market access, monitoring and compliance, algo/strategy evaluation and management, performance tuning, and trading automation. Anything that touches our globally distributed production environment is fair game! We're looking for someone who loves technology and wants to work on a broad range of projects using various tool(s) to best solve the problem at hand. Excellent communication is a must, along with a can do attitude. The Role Write automation jobs in Python that support the mechanics of managing our global trading network Help us release a lot of code (our main repo deploys after each commit) that reaches into every office and department at HRT while using the latest technologies and techniques in Python and Software Engineering to drive improvements to all our systems, new or old Write deployment and monitoring systems (everything from the backend processes to the user visible desktop GUIs) in Python to help our real time analysts discover and investigate internal and external outages Develop tools to automate our daily trading processes Work with all the other teams at HRT (all of them! We do projects for algo, core, finance, systems and people ops) to ensure that their technical solutions will work cohesively and at scale The Skills Excellent design, debugging, and problem solving skills Python skills required Experience deploying and maintaining applications. You've seen an application from the design phase through the production phase Knowledge of UNIX operating systems (we use Linux), system/processor performance, and network communication Comfortable debugging networked programs on a UNIX terminal The Profile You attained a Bachelor's in Computer Science or have commensurate experience You're a Pythonista You have experience working with databases (PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis) You can analyze and fix problems quickly You can look at code, figure out how it works, and how to make it better You really like to work with people who challenge you and make you better at what you do You have excellent communication skills and a willingness to admit mistakes Experience with (or a strong interest in learning) UI Design / Qt / HTML / CSS Culture Hudson River Trading (HRT) brings a scientific approach to trading financial products. We have built one of the world's most sophisticated computing environments for research and development. Our researchers are at the forefront of innovation in the world of algorithmic trading. At HRT we come from all sorts of backgrounds: mathematics, computer science, statistics, physics, and engineering. We're a community of self starters who are motivated by the excitement of being at the cutting edge of automated trading. Our culture celebrates great ideas whether they come from HRT veterans or new hires. At HRT we're friends and colleagues, whether we are sharing a meal, playing the latest board game, or writing elegant code. We embrace a culture of togetherness that extends far beyond the walls of our office. Seem like something you might be interested in? Our goal is to find the best people and bring them together to do great work in a place where everyone is valued. HRT is proud of our diverse staff; we have offices all over the globe and benefit from our varied and unique perspectives. HRT is an equal opportunity employer; so whoever you are, we'd love to get to know you. OVERVIEW: Guidepoint’s Engineering team thrives on problem solving and creating happier users. As Guidepoint works to achieve its mission of making individuals, businesses, and the world smarter through personalized knowledge sharing solutions, the engineering team is taking on challenges to improve our internal CRM system and create new products to optimize the seamless delivery of our services. As a Senior DevOps Engineer you will be an instrumental part of the engineering team and will be the key person keeping all systems operational. WHAT YOU’LL DO: Install, configure and security harden Centos 7x Linux Install Apache, configure Vhosts, SSL, modules Install PHP, configure PECL/PEAR libraries, PHPini Setup database connectivity to SQL Server 2016/17 via UnixODBC and FreeTDS Install and setup Solr 66.x, configure SolrCloud w/Zookeeper Cluster Install and configure Redis 4/5 for RedisCluster and Master/Slave Install SupervisorD, setup daemonized Linux processes Install RabbitMQ in HA cluster mode Install and configure Nginx. Install and configure NodeJS, Socketio, AngularCLI, Forever Deploy and configure software on application servers. WHAT YOU HAVE: 7+ years of experience working as a DevOps Engineer Experience managing a Dev Ops resource Versed at setting up SystemD processes, Cron jobs, SELINUX, parsing logfiles, configuring logical and physical partitions Strong SQL skills Scripting in Puppet or Ansible preferred. Extremely comfortable with Git Comfortable with proxying, loadbalancing, sticky sessions, regex, modifying headers, LUA scripting Experience with Azure highly preferred WHAT WE HAVE: Competitive compensation Free snacks and beverages Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents 401(k) match, life insurance, commuter benefits, corporate gym rates, paid time off and parental leave plans Friday happy hour and “Summer Fridays” Year round corporate athletic league Casual work environment ABOUT GUIDEPOINT: Guidepoint, a leading expert network firm, connects clients with vetted subject matter experts—Advisors—from their global professional network. Guidepoint clients leverage the insights and perspectives shared by Advisors to stay informed and make better business decisions. Its slate of services, including phone consultations, surveys, events and proprietary data insights products, help professionals gain comprehensive understanding of a topic before making strategic or investment decisions. Guidepoint’s multinational client list includes 9 of the top 10 consulting firms and some of the largest hedge funds, private equity firms and Fortune ranked public companies. The MARS team (Multi Asset Risk System) enables risk professionals to assess and gauge their trading and portfolios holdings against the gathering financial storm. What would happen to your investments during a political or economic crisis? You may not be able to predict the future but YOU will be able to get ready for it. This is the essence of the Risk Management science and this is what the team task to do. MARS allow our clients to manage and assess their risk by providing them with different tools like stress testing functionality which models their portfolios behavior under extreme market conditions. Or trying the predict the future based on the past. MARS is used by both external clients and internal clients across Bloomberg in teams which are interested in using the group's risk functionality along with their own data for their clients. MARS provides risk calculations and analytics across various asset classes by applying distributed computing techniques that span across hundreds of machines. In addition to expanding our main product offering, our top concern is performance which requires using different methods and technologies to achieve the optimal solution and adding RISK functionality. MARS is using big data software, distributed computing algorithms, dynamic resource allocations, cluster management, grid computing and machine learning among others. What's in it for you: MARS is a close knit group of 130+ engineers. Working in MARS, let you tackle tough problems alongside some of the brightest engineers and product managers. MARS sits at the intersection of finance and technology where people and machine will challenge your ideas and push your engineering skills to the next level. We dabble in a slew of technologies from big data to a wide variety of programming languages, and gain an understanding of the intricacies of crafting large scale distributed computation systems. We'll trust you to: Work directly with product owners to build applications that our clients use to tackle complex problems Take ownership of technical solutions, development and delivery to production Develop in all levels of a web application stack, from the client to server side Write production quality infrastructure software to gather data, automate model training, and run the models at a large scale You'll need to have: Experience covering the full software development life cycle Working knowledge of Python, C++, or Java We'd love to see: Finance experience Experience in distributed systems, including distributed database and computation software A background in finance, math or statistics Bloomberg is an equal opportunities employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. We’re the Markets Business Unit, a truly cross functional team focused on finding future listeners, wherever and whoever they may be. We work collaboratively, combining marketing, insights, product development, design and engineering expertise to grow Spotify’s monthly active users in both new and existing markets across the globe. Join us and you’ll be part of a dynamic team taking acquisition, activation and business growth at Spotify to the next level. The Automated Marketing team uses technology to communicate the value of Spotify to a global audience, so billions of people can enjoy and support the creative work of millions of artists. There are so many features that people love about Spotify: discovering new music, following favorite artists, enjoying podcasts, finding concerts, and more. We build the tools and systems that help our users discover the many aspects of Spotify, and we use data and machine learning to find the best ways to advertise Spotify’s outstanding value to new audiences. Within the Automated Marketing team, we work in high performance, cross functional teams. Our design, engineering, and data science practitioners build new user experiences and experiments, and when we find new insights, we incorporate them into our production ML models to optimize the operations and cost of our global marketing presence. Our work has high visibility within the consumer experience and directly contributes to Spotify’s top and bottom lines. What you’ll do Work with a high performance, cross functional team whose mission is to engage users and communicate the many value propositions of Spotify to each user, from their favorite artist’s new album to new music discovery, from keeping up with favorite podcasts, to finding live performances, and more. Work at the intersection of engineering and marketing, crafting automated and optimized marketing systems to operate a best in class business that grows Spotify’s global user base. Train models and evaluate their effectiveness against metrics that encapsulate real and immediate business objectives. Drive tooling and infrastructure improvements for cloud based ML deployments Apply techniques and methods from literature to business operations that require forecasting, classification, ranking, and A/B/N testing. Who you are You have strong hands on experience implementing and maintaining high scale, production ML systems. You are comfortable explaining the intuition and assumptions behind ML and mathematical concepts, and you can creatively apply these concepts to design ML systems to tackle challenging problems. You can explain and discuss pros and cons of learning regimes, and identify scenarios in which one might best apply. You are experienced with crafting data pipelines, and you are self sufficient in driving the process of designing features, labeling training data, and evaluating models. You care about agile software processes, data driven development, reliability, and focused experimentation You are passionate about learning and sharing in an early stage team environment. You love your customers even more than your code Plus/bonus: Experience with TensorFlow. Experience in causal inference or methods related to customer lifetime value Experience with applying deep learning techniques for ranking, content affinity, sequential modeling, or natural language processing in production Experience with high scale, distributed data processing frameworks like Beam or Spark You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 258 million users. Your Opportunity Please note that via sponsorship if not available for this role. The Ruby agent recently open sourced our codebase. We are looking for an enthusiastic senior software engineer who is excited about open source software, to help us build lightweight, dependable software that our customers trust enough to put into their production applications. We’re a small, close knit team. We are optimistic, and we continue to strive to be better. We work together and are always learning. We are excited to consider a remote engineer for this role in the Pacific Standard Time zone. If you are not in the PST zone, you must be willing to work within our normal office hours. Remote team members will be expected to work out of their home office and must have successfully worked remotely before. Our code runs inside hundreds of thousands of our customers’ applications. While we have no control over the hosts and environments our agent runs in, our customers depend on it being 100% reliable and having minimal performance impact. You will be at the heart of New Relic’s best in class APM solution, with a focus on our open source Ruby projects. Engaging the community to influence direction and drive innovation, your contributions to our lightweight and dependable data collection software [https://githubcom/newrelic/newrelic ruby agent] will directly imp What you’ll do: While our charter is well defined and fairly narrow, we still have quite a diversity of tasks. Some of the things you’d be doing with us: Write efficient Ruby. Customers run our code in their production systems. In order to keep our footprint light, we are on the lookout for unnecessary object allocations and overly complex code. Read through source code for popular libraries, find out how they work, and find the best places to hook our instrumentation code into them. Write tests. With our comprehensive test suite, we make sure everything we ship is well tested. We go to great lengths to make sure each release is thoroughly tested and dependable. Support our agent. We build our agent so customers can get a better insight into their applications. We take support rotations where we help customers solve issues and get the most of the agent. We come away from these rotations with ideas of how we can improve our agent to serve our customers better. Team Traits Accountability: We never say something is “not our problem”. If it’s our customer’s problem, it is our problem, too. We never drop the ball. Attention to detail: We do excellent work every time, and help each other strive for this excellence. Ruby expertise: We write Ruby code that metaprograms our customers' Ruby code, and which has to run on multiple versions of Ruby and JRuby. Collaboration: We work closely together and believe in the power of pairing. It’s a great way of sharing information and ensuring quality. And it’s more fun! Strong Communication: Being an autonomous team in a larger organization, with all teams working well together, requires strong communication. We write proposals, specs, and retrospectives. We give talks, and we demo the work we are doing. “Second Job”: Our “first job” is the job we were hired for (all of the above). Our “second job” is helping those around us to succeed at their jobs. Balancing first and second jobs make us smarter, more effective, and happier. Your Qualifications Must have: 5+ years experience building and supporting Ruby applications in a full stack capacity Expertise with Ruby, Ruby on Rails or any other Ruby based framework. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience required Experience with unit tests and integration tests Some level of experience with databases Nice to have: A track record learning new technologies, collaborating and chipping in to open source projects Familiar with continuous integration and deployment Strong interpersonal skills that will position you as a mentor for others on the team. Good organizational skills Experience developing and operating within a SaaS business Not Sure If This Is You? We are particularly interested in having a diverse team, with a broad set of skills and viewpoints. If this seems like your dream job, but you're not sure if you qualify, apply anyway! We'll carefully consider every applicant that takes the time to apply for this specific position. We'll either move forward with you, find other teams that might be a better match, keep in touch for later opportunities, or thank you for your time. When you apply, be sure to include a cover letter telling us what interests you about this position and why you think it would be a good fit for you. Cover letters matter to us — we really read them Our Office or Your Office You will be working with engineers and leaders distributed throughout the world, concentrated around our major offices in Portland, San Francisco, Phoenix, Barcelona, and Tel Aviv. You are welcome to work in one of Our US. offices or work from your home office in the US., on our core hours. Our global headquarters for research and development is in the center of downtown Portland, situated in the thriving tech community of the Pacific Northwest. We enjoy easy multi modal commute access and a plethora of good eats and exceptional coffee. We provide competitive compensation including equity and big company benefits (medical, dental, etc.)—all while maintaining the energy, agility, and fun of a start up. About Us New Relic (NYSE: NEWR) is a cloud based platform that gives developers, engineers, operations, and management a clear view of what’s happening in today’s complex software environments. So they can find and fix problems faster, and deliver delightful experiences for their customers. That's why the world’s best engineering teams rely on New Relic to visualize, analyze, and troubleshoot their software. It’s the simplest, most powerful cloud based observability platform, built to create more perfect software. All from one place. Founded in 2008, we’re a global company passionate about building a culture where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging, where every ‘Relic’ can bring their whole self to work and feel supported and empowered to thrive. We’re consistently recognized as a distinguished employer and are committed to building world class products and an award winning culture. For more information, visit newreliccom. Our Hiring Process New Relic takes seriously our stewardship of the data of our thousands of customers worldwide. In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. https://sfgovorg/olse/sites/default/files/Document/FCO%20Poster%20Set%20All%20Languages%2010%2001%2018pdf Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic. New Relic is an equal opportunity employer. We eagerly seek a diverse applicant pool and hire without regard to race, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities (or disability), age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Interested in the details of our privacy policy? Read more here: https://newreliccom/termsandconditions/applicant privacy policy NYC / Remote Exactly 45 billion dollars is locked up in cash security deposits. We prove that there’s a better way. Rhino is bringing financial flexibility to renters everywhere. We give renters a choice in a transaction that never offered choice before. We replace upfront security deposits with affordable insurance that saves renters hundreds and thousands of dollars. To date, we have saved renters over $150 million and are trusted in over 1 million homes across all 50 states. Founded in 2017 and VC backed, Rhino's mission is to utilize technology to offer products and services that break down financial barriers and offer a win win solution for both renters and property owners/managers alike. In this role you will: Build and improve internal tools to support Rhino’s explosive growth Craft and architect applications, pipelines, workflows, and tools to help improve internal efficiencies and automation Use Ruby, JavaScript, SQL and other languages day to day Implement robust reporting and analytics tools to improve business intelligence Build automations to improve Developer Experience and increase velocity Design and implement workflows to surface cross functional data and improve decision making Provide feedback on features being developed across the company and suggest solutions Participate in code reviews, standups, and planning sessions, while listening to feedback and commenting on others’ approaches Collaborate compassionately and empathetically with contributors across the organization We’re ideally seeking: 5+ years of experience building web technologies and/or internal tools Deep knowledge of Ruby on Rails, JavaScript/TypeScript, or similar technologies Advanced knowledge of SQL and relational databases An Engineer that is excited to quickly ship features in a collaborative, rigorous, and fast paced environment Benefits: Competitive compensation and 401k Unlimited PTO to give our employees a little extra R&R when they need it Stock option plan to give our employees a direct stake in Rhino’s success Comprehensive health coverage (medical, dental, vision) Remote Work Program to allow for flexibility between home and the office Generous Parental Leave to create a family friendly culture Wellness Perks (Gym, Classpass, & Citibike Memberships) Commuter Benefits through a Flexible Spending Account Fintech Equality Coalition Founding member Candidate with 5 7 years of intensive experience with Cal Center IVR application development. Genesys IVR Developer NYC, NY Only Morgan Stanley is the End Client Job Description 8 years of intensive experience in call center applications specifically CTI, IVR, call routing and integration with dialer systems Must have Call Center experience and understand overall Call Center concepts Strong experience in Genesys Voice portal (GVP), Genesys Framework, Genesys SIP Server, Genesys Stream Manager, and Genesys Agent Desktop (GAD). 4 Strong experience on analysis of SIP messages and T lib events. Expertise in Genesys clients likes CME, SCI, GA, OCM and IRD. Expertise in Trouble shooting the issues by analyzing the Logs. Experience with installation and configuration of various Genesys framework components. Have in depth knowledge and working experience in Voice networks and the various elements (switching, signaling, intelligence network, messaging, directory, notification, etc Strong experience in TDMVoIP routing protocols call processing (SS7, ISDN, SIP). Exposure to Call RoutingStrategy Capabilities, CTI, and T Server operations. Experience with implementing complex solutions involving Web Services, SOA, VXML and Voice Objects. Working knowledge of Avaya CMS for trunk group reporting, vectors for call delivery and integration with Genesys. Experience with Nuance speech engines (ASRTTS) and tools with an emphasis on Nuance Able to be an active participant in design and communicate design approach Should possess current Genesys certifications. Certified System Consultant for Genesys SIP Server, Certified System Consultant for Genesys Voice Platform 81. 5+ years of intensive experience in call center applications specifically CTI, IVR, call routing and integration with dialer systems Must have Call Center experience and understand overall Call Center concepts Strong experience in Genesys Voice portal (GVP), Genesys Framework, Genesys SIP Server, Genesys Stream Manager, and Genesys Agent Desktop (GAD). 4 Strong experience on analysis of SIP messages and T lib events. Expertise in Genesys clients likes CME, SCI, GA, OCM and IRD. Expertise in Trouble shooting the issues by analyzing the Logs. Experience with installation and configuration of various Genesys framework components. Have in depth knowledge and working experience in Voice networks and the various elements (switching, signaling, intelligence network, messaging, directory, notification, etc.). Desired Skills. Strong experience in TDM/VoIP routing protocols call processing (SS7, ISDN, SIP). Exposure to Call Routing/Strategy Capabilities, CTI, and T Server operations. Experience with implementing complex solutions involving Web Services, SOA, VXML and Voice Objects. Working knowledge of Avaya CMS for trunk group reporting, vectors for call delivery and integration with Genesys. Experience with Nuance speech engines (ASR/TTS) and tools with an emphasis on Nuance Able to be an active participant in design and communicate design approach Should possess current Genesys certifications. Certified System Consultant for Genesys SIP Server, Certified System Consultant for Genesys Voice Platform 81. #LI GJ2 Job Function TECHNOLOGY Role Developer Job Id 164413 Desired Skills Genesys 2+ years of non internship professional software development experienceProgramming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systemsBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalentProgramming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design Want to work on brand new initiative within Sponsored Brands Ad team? Want to work on Ad Server that serves billions of ad requests across multiple channels and formats and power a multi billion dollar advertising product? Amazon Brand Adv. and Shopping Exp (BASE) is on a mission to make Amazon the best in class destination for shoppers to discover, engage and build affinity with brands, making shopping beautiful, delightful, & personal. Our Team Sponsored Brands (SB) owns an auction based, keyword targeted, mid funnel advertising product designed for brand owners. Our team builds and manages systems with extreme high performance and availability. In doing so, we deliver billions of ad impressions and millions of clicks daily, but are only just getting started. We are looking for a senior SDE who is excited about being part of new initiative and not afraid to dive deep and define product technical strategy and architecture. In this role you will work with business partners to design, implement and launch new ad solutions based on business objectives and timelines. You will be responsible for the architecture, design and implementation of highly scalable distributed systems that provide availability, scalability and latency guarantees. The right candidate will possess strong technical skills, can dive deep with demonstrated experience leading medium to large distributed services, and will want to have a lasting impact in the Advertising space. You must be able to thrive and succeed in an entrepreneurial environment, and not be hindered by ambiguity or competing priorities. This is a unique opportunity to stand at the intersection of e commerce, advertising and state of the art ML techniques. In Software Development Engineer role, you will: Develop highly scalable service to process millions of requests per day and solve complex software systems problems by leverage state of the art technologyTranslate functional requirements into robust, scalable, supportable solutions that work well within the overall system architectureEvaluate and make decisions about the use of new or existing software products and toolsApply big data technologies (Spark, PySpark, Hadoop, MapReduce, etc) to process large impression logHave unique exposure to technologies used in search / advertising / E commerce platformsWork closely with our data science and product managers to design experiments with machine learning / deep learning techniques to improve predictive models and infrastructure and implement end to end solutionsEstablish the best processes and drive improvements in design, development and operationsMentor and guide junior engineers on design, coding, troubleshooting and operational excellenceBe a member of the Amazon wide Software Development Community, participating in internal and external MeetUps, Hackathons and Conferences 5+ years of industry experience in software developmentHands on experience with design and development of highly available and scalable distributed systemsStrong problem solving and analytical abilitiesExperience with working on AWS services (S3, DynamoDB, EC2)Strong focus on clean code and robust designExcellent written and verbal communications skillsExperience in online advertising software technologies (Especially in ad targeting and serving)Experience in open source machine learning /deep learning libraries and AWS servicesExperience in big data technologies (Spark, Spark Python, Hadoop, MapReduce, etc) Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Brooklyn, NY Kickstarter, PBC is seeking an experienced Senior Software Engineer to join our Payments team and help drive our payment and identity experiences forward. About the Team Kickstarter’s Payments Team provides the internal and external Kickstarter community with a reliable, secure payments platform. Our work touches every area of the site as we work to provide a seamless pledging and funding experience for Backers and Creators. Our ability to develop flexible, scalable solutions opens up more opportunities around how people help creative projects come to life. We build features with modern frameworks like Ruby on Rails, SASS, Atomic Design, React, Redux, Apollo, and TypeScript, all backed by a GraphQL API. We use iterative and data driven processes to build and refine our platform that supports our mission of bringing creative projects to life. In This Role, You Will: Iteratively research, experiment, and develop payment and identity solutions to solve real problems for Kickstarter creators and backers. Work closely and collaboratively with a team of product managers, engineers, as well as non technical stakeholders. Help drive the technical and product direction of the Kickstarter payment and identity experience. Contribute to continuous learning and improvement of our team and organizational work, systems, technology and processes. About You: You have extensive professional experience building applications or services with Ruby and/or Rails. You have excellent communication and time management skills. You enjoy working collaboratively and participating in team discussions, planning, and pair programming. You have experience mentoring other engineers across the stack. You have experience working iteratively and maintaining live products. You have a pragmatic approach to writing well tested, maintainable code. You love writing tests to ensure you deliver high quality software and experiences. You consider the broader impacts of your work through building accessible UI, quality & testing patterns, code readability, documentation and considering performance and data integrity. You value sharing knowledge, personal growth, positive feedback, and continuously improving engineering and team practices. You empathize with creators and recognize the challenges of the creative process and bringing projects to life. Kickstarter is an equal opportunity employer. As part of our commitment to fight for equality, we work to ensure a fair and consistent interview process. We celebrate diversity and we are committed to an inclusive work environment. Kickstarter is a Public Benefit Corporation, and our mission is to help bring creative projects to life. We measure our success as a company by how well we achieve that mission, not by the size of our profits. In our charter, we spell out our mission, our values, and the commitments we have made to pursue them. Cognizant is always looking for top talent. We are searching for candidates to fill future needs within the business. This job posting represents potential future employment opportunities with Cognizant. Although the position is not currently available, we want to provide you with the opportunity to express your interest in future employment opportunities with Cognizant. If a job opportunity that you may be qualified for becomes available in the future, we will notify you. At that time you can determine whether you would like to apply for the specific open position. Thank you for your interest in Cognizant career opportunities. Java Full Stack Developer Cognizant IoT Remote or client location Cognizant Connected Products: Intelligent, IoT enabled products will soon result in the proliferation of data and the disruption of virtually all industries. To be successful, companies will need to leverage IoT capabilities to design products that create connections between people and processes. Within Cognizant Connected Products, we engineer industry aligned, IoT enabled products that work to join industry needs with human drivers. These intelligent products will continue to result in exciting, transformative outcomes. Without human centered thinking, connected products are just things—but with it, they can facilitate a unified way of life enjoyed by all. We are seeking multiple Java Full Stack Developers to work remotely or onsite at client locations in support Cognizant Digital Business. You will be responsible for the following: · Analyze, design and develop new software code, perform impact analysis, prepare the design documents and artifacts, unit test code, support functional and system testing, review the code developed by team members, technically mentor other developers, provide support to Application Support teams during production failures. · Design and develop Java/J2ee based analytics application using technologies/platforms like Java, Python, Tensorflow, IBM ILOG CPLEX Optimizer, MS SQL, UNIX, Shell Script, Hadoop, HDFS, HiveQL etc. to develop softwares. · Architect Software Systems for High Performance Computing (HPC) cloud environment. · Design and develop Machine Learning predictive models for various business problems using Python and Tensorflow. · Design and develop Quantitative and Optimization models to solve complex business problems using IBM ILOG Cplex · Develop big data pipelines for data archival. Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Job Posting : Nov 05 2020 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq 100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the US., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at wwwcognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizantcom with your request and contact information. Sr. Software Engineer Job Title: Senior Software Engineer Job Location: NYC, Seattle, LA, or REMOTE Salary: $150,000 $250,000 Annual Base Salary DOE, Full Covered Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits, BONUS Requirements: At least 5 years with software development, 2+ years with Connected TV (Specifically Roku) We are an exciting, growing company working with cross platforms desktop and mobile. We have been around for over 10 years and have strong partnerships. Currently we are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our intelligent group of engineers. We work with existing and new products. We will need a hands on type of candidate who will take ownership in implement and rolling out new, creative solutions. Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. We are one of the strongest advertising engagement platforms around! 2. 100% Company Paid Health, Dental and Vision Benefits 3. Profit Sharing, Bonuses! What You Will Be DoingDeveloping applications for Connected TV such Roku, Amazon Fire, Apple, etcWorking in a collaborative environment with other engineers to help improve features and designTroubleshoot problemsPerform code reviews and write unit/integration type of testsCross collaborate with product, design, and other departments What You Need for this PositionConnected TV or Mobile devices experienceRuby or PythonJavaScriptRESTful APIsGITRoku Platform (Plus)AdTech (VAST/VPAID/MRAID) What's In It for You $150,000 $250,000 Annual Base Salary DOE BonusREMOTE Option Local to NYC, Seattle, or LA is a PLUS Do you want to be apart of a company that you can take to the next level in Adtech? Please apply today! Please apply to job with most updated resume or send resume to: wendywarner@cybercoderscomApplicants must be authorized to work in the US. CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Job Description: The Editorial and Publishing team is looking for a creative and passionate Lead Software Engineer to shape the future of our global Content Management System (CMS). You’ll be part of a growing technology team where everyone has the opportunity to create and advance new ideas and to shape the future of our company by building game changing software. Our engineers play a critical role in all stages of the product life cycle, so we look for people who crave ownership, enjoy solving the hard problems and have the initiative to fix things that aren’t working. Responsibilities: As part of a cross functional software team, be a critical part of the effort to create a new world class WordPress stack that will power our digital properties. The effort includes developing and refining the appropriate architectural approach, working with the News team on the evaluation of various WordPress plugins, developing our own plugins where needed and interfacing WordPress with the myriad of systems required to produce our market leading products. Note: Dow Jones will only be using the author/editing portion of WordPress and will not be using the Render portion so Theme development experience is not necessarily helpful. Participate and lead technical discussions about technology, infrastructure and consider the pros/cons of a technology choice based on business value, scalability, maintainability and project delivery performance. Support Dow Jones technical and cultural values and drive toward solutions independently, seeking feedback when appropriate. Maintain and share knowledge in emerging technologies and tools in the industry. Be able to prioritize and manage work, and adhere to critical project timelines in a fast paced environment. Basic Qualifications: Extensive experience (5+ years) with WordPress/React including experience extending and customizing the WordPress Administration Dashboard, developing plugins for wp admin, and building highly performant and reliable interfaces with other systems. Knowledge of and some experience with the new WordPress Gutenberg editor. Gutenberg Block development experience a big plus. 5+years experience with PHP, JavaScript, JSON, REST, HTML, and CSS. Experience with NodeJs, React and Redux and a willingness to move to these technologies as WordPress evolves. Experience with JavaScript and PHP linting/unit testing. Experience with SQL databases, experience with MySQL a plus. Experience with Agile methodology is a plus. Proven understanding of Computer Science fundamentals including web development, service oriented architecture, cloud computing, test driven development and domain driven design. Preferred Qualifications: BS in Computer Science. Exposure to Docker, AWS or other cloud or container based application deployment is a plus. Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 130 years and today has one of the world’s largest newsgathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, America’s largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource. Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV). Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjonescom. Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: TECHNOLOGY PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT Job Category: IT Development Group About Us Since 1882, Dow Jones has been finding new ways to bring information to the world’s top business entities. Beginning as a niche news agency in an obscure Wall Street basement, Dow Jones has grown to be a worldwide news and information powerhouse, with prestigious brands including The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones Newswires, Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch and Financial News. This longevity and success is due to a relentless pursuit of accuracy, depth and innovation, enhanced by the wisdom of past experience and a solid grasp on the future ahead. More than its individual brands, Dow Jones is a modern gateway to intelligence, with innovative technology, advanced data feeds, integrated solutions, expert research, award winning journalism and customizable apps and delivery systems to bring the information that matters most to customers, when and where they need it, every day. If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view "Find Jobs Dow Jones." Thank you. Req ID: 21637 IoT Alliances Opportunity Lead Associate Director or Director Level Cognizant IoT NYC region, Chicago, IL or remote (with client specific travel) Cognizant Connected Products: Intelligent, IoT enabled products will soon result in the proliferation of data and the disruption of virtually all industries. To be successful, companies will need to leverage IoT capabilities to design products that create connections between people and processes. Within Cognizant Connected Products, we engineer industry aligned, IoT enabled products that work to join industry needs with human drivers. These intelligent products will continue to result in exciting, transformative outcomes. Without human centered thinking, connected products are just things—but with it, they can facilitate a unified way of life enjoyed by all. We are seeking an IoT Alliances Opportunity Lead to work remotely and at client locations to develop and close sales of Cognizant IoT solution offerings in conjunction with strategic partners . The role requires relevant experience in IoT sales, a strong ability to execute the sales plan, and ownership of all aspects of the partner relationship. The objective is to create and execute a repeatable approach where both Cognizant and the partner’s sales organization passionately believe in and deliver on a joint value proposition to solve our customers’ needs. As a key member of the IoT Alliances team you will be responsible for working with strategic partner(s) to drive IoT Practice revenue supported by solution architects, sales and pre sales resources from the practice and partner organizations, and other resources. You will be the primary person responsible for positioning the partner’s products to enhance and support Cognizant IoT solution offerings, and will act as the leading advocate for driving sales revenue with that partner. As an IoT Alliances Opportunity Lead you will be responsible for the following: · Prospect, develop, and close client sales opportunities in a matrixed organization, showing knowledge of how to leverage the right resources to execute each deal · Develop and maintain all aspects of partner sales management, including but not limited to: use case prioritization, presentation material creation, offering and partner value proposition positioning, solution offering communication, and stakeholder management · Understand the partner solution technology to effectively position and communicate how their products enhance Cognizant service offerings so that Cognizant achieves preference with the partner and wins more business together with the partner · Collaborate with Cognizant Offering Owners, Alliances Solution Architects, Vertical Practice Leads, CTO office, and others to orchestrate effective sales engagements · Own and maintain the Partner Pipeline and lead regular opportunity cadence meetings for Cognizant · Operate under minimal supervision with wide latitude for individual judgement Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Oct 24 2020 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq 100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the US., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at wwwcognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizantcom with your request and contact information. 2+ years of non internship professional software development experienceProgramming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systemsBachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent with 5+ years experience, in: software development, including design, implementation, debugging, and supportDeep understanding of distributed systems and web services technologyStrong at applying data structures, algorithms, and object oriented design, to solve challenging problemsKnowledge of one or more modern programming languages such as C/C++, C#, JavaPassion and ability to debug, troubleshoot, and resolve highly complex performance and operational issues The Company: Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the pioneer and recognized leader in Cloud Computing. Our web services provide a platform for IT infrastructure in the cloud that is used by hundreds of thousands of developers and businesses around the world. These customers range from start ups to leading web companies to Global 500 companies. The Group: AWS Data Services group provides rapidly growing, industry acclaimed cloud services in areas of big data platforms to data analytics to operational databases. The group is at the forefront of innovation in these areas producing world class cloud services such as EMR to Redshift to RDS Aurora and many more. The Team: AWS Glue is a fully managed service offering next generation data management and transformation solution at the intersection of Serverless, FastData, ML and Analytics. AWS Glue simplifies and automates the difficult and time consuming data discovery, conversion, mapping, and job scheduling tasks at massive scale. Top reasons to join our team: Be catalyst to deliver a truly disruptive product while it is in infancy stateSolve unique and first order problems in areas of Big Data, Spark, Distributed Systems, Serverless and Machine LearningInfluence and build product that will leverage scale of resources to orchestrate data workflowBe part of big data revolution in cloudGrow leader in you to build revolutionary product About you: Passionate in building large scale distributed systemsThrive in culture of ownership, delivery and bias for actionFast pace environment energizes you to be at your bestInnovate and invent in agile and collaborative environmentCurious and eager to learn to expect more of you and others The Responsibilities: Translate functional and technical requirements into detailed architecture, design and extensible codeBe an advocate of industry best practices to produce reliable, fault torrent and dependable codeCode and test complex system modules; develop and leverage frameworks to be effective and efficientParticipate in architecture, design and code reviews to maintain our high development standardsOwn system architecture, scalability, reliability, and performanceCollaborate and influence other teams to deliver and operate large scale, distributed services in the cloudMentor other engineers, defining our challenging technical culture, and helping to build a fast growing team Strong knowledge of data structures and algorithmsExperienced writing multi threaded programs requiring concurrency and synchronization primitivesWrite very high quality code that is robust and easy to maintainExperienced debugging, diagnosing, and trouble shooting complex, production softwareStrong understanding of system performance and scalingAbility to drive tasks to completion and take ownership of projectsAbility to work in a fast paced and agile development environmentPossess excellent communication, sharp analytical abilities, and proven design skillsExperience delivering and operating large scale, highly available distributed systems is a plusExperience with database systems internals, query optimization, and storage systemsExperience with large scale data analytics and data warehousing is a plus Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://wwwamazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Transfix, named one of Forbes' "Next Billion Dollar Startups" in 2018, is the leading freight marketplace that's transforming the $800 billion trucking industry, connecting shippers to a national network of reliable carriers. Fortune 500 companies such as Anheuser Busch, Unilever, and Target rely on Transfix to handle their most important FTL freight needs. With instant pricing tools, guaranteed capacity, data driven insights, and reliable service, Transfix is changing the world of transportation one load at a time. Join us, and leave a positive impact on the environment as we help reduce the carbon footprint caused by the 65 billion wasted miles on the road. Based in New York City, Transfix is backed by top VC firms including New Enterprise Associates (NEA), Canvas Ventures, and Lerer Hippeau. The problems we solve everyday are real and require creativity, grit, and determination. We are building a culture that challenges norms while fostering experimentation and personal growth. We're hiring team members who are passionate and are energized by the vision to simplify and transform one of the largest and most complex industries through technology, data and a strong commitment to customers. — Senior Full stack Engineers at Transfix work within cross functional product development teams, owning, designing, and delivering large projects and components. They draw on their deep technical experience to identify ideal design patterns and facilitate adopting them in our codebase and across the team. Our Senior Engineers make substantial impacts by ensuring delivery of new product initiatives, proactively identifying and refactoring bottlenecks, and improving the performance and resilience of our production systems as our business grows year over year. This role will be supporting our new product, Fleet Planner, a SaaS based tool that enables carriers to manage their fleets more effectively. If you’re excited about transforming an industry, being part of an innovative culture, and making a positive impact on the environment, send us your resume. What you'll do: Build the core freight management software platform that allows Transfix to serve a variety of players in the freight transportation sector—manufacturers, national retail chains, trucking companies, dispatchers, truck drivers, and more. Leverage Continuous Deployment and Automated Testing to enable rapid delivery of new products, APIs, and services. Propose meaningful improvements to our software architecture and design patterns, supported by prototypes and data driven evidence, and be willing to drive proposals through adoption within the team. Play an active role in production software operations. Our engineers collaborate closely and quickly to resolve critical bugs and service outages, lead cross functional post mortems, and identify meaningful learnings from incidents. Expand the influence of your career experience and technical capabilities by mentoring and collaborating with other engineers and partners. As a Senior Engineer at Transfix, your career trajectory is to amplify your impact in ways that surpass what you can achieve individually with a text editor. Our tech stack is comprised of Ruby on Rails, Python, React/Redux, PostgreSQL, Redis, Dynamo, Kinesis, and Snowflake. We are hosted on AWS and leverage a variety of their services. Code is tested using CircleCI and a variety of unit and end to end testing frameworks including RSpec, unittest, Jest, and Cypress. We monitor our production software with tools like New Relic and Datadog. About you: You have 5+ years professional experience in web software engineering. You have a mastery of at least one of these languages: Ruby, Python, JavaScript, Go, C, or C++. You have significant experience working within a modern front end framework (eg. React, Angular, Vue, Ember, Meteor). You take pride in delivering high quality products and build confidence in the software you deploy using a combination of automated testing, manual testing, and monitoring tools. You have a bias for shipping, learning, and iterating. You enjoy both learning from colleagues and mentoring others. You can constructively disagree with others while maintaining trust and respect. To all recruitment agencies: Transfix does not accept unsolicited agency resumes and will not be held responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. LifeWorx is looking for a Senior Developer to work alongside our VP of Technology, assisting in various projects including application design, and updates within our web database. Seeking someone who can take on a developer and project manager role, so prior leadership experience is strongly preferred!Responsibilities: Collaborate with members of the technology team to plan and implement updates to our CRM database to better suit the needs of internal stakeholdersDesign and develop new application for candidates applying for jobsDevelop an internal job board, scheduling system, form submission system, and other projects as needed for a growing home care companyAssist with regular maintenance of current systemsCode, conduct code reviews, and test software as neededPreferred languages/skills: PHP (required*)MySQL (required*) Laravel frameworkJavaScript (jQuery, AngularJS)Bash (UNIX)HTML and HTML5Soft skills: Team player who can effectively communicate with our less tech inclined staffSelf sufficient, task oriented problem solverSomeone who can stay organized and complete projects but also has the flexibility to change directions depending on immediate needRequirements: 5+ years of professional experienceBachelor's degree in Computer Science from a reputable universityMust also have some understanding of Windows and Unix administrationJob Type: Full timePay: $125,00000 $200,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:8 hour shiftSupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Back end development: 5 years (Required)Work Remotely:No Apply Now About us Our Ticker Plant team delivers the world's most reliable, timely and accurate financial data. We write high performance, well factored, scalable and testable code that can mold quickly to new business initiatives. More than 4,500 engineers rely on us to provide the core foundation and data required for financial applications at Bloomberg. Our systems are low latency, fault tolerant and scalable, and we handle over 100 billion items of data each day. Bloomberg's Ticker Plant provides the collection, storage, query and distribution of market data from hundreds of stock and commodity exchanges around the world. We also develop the applications and databases that let us dynamically configure the system. We work closely with business teams to develop our systems and to be prepared for evolving customer requirements. Our team, Ticker Plant Reference and Configuration, develops the systems which govern the behavior of critical components within the Market Data Pipeline. By doing so, we enable our Data Modelers and other Engineering teams to expand and enhance Bloomberg’s market data offerings. Constantly enhancing our market data offerings to customers, by keeping feature parity with exchanges and trading values and providing critical supplementary data points, enable our customers to focus on their core business while relying on Bloomberg for their market data needs. The Ticker Plant is the system at the heart of our market data infrastructure, and the Reference and Configuration team ensures an accelerated time to market by providing APIs and workflows that drive automation. We’ll Trust you to: Work with internal customers, other related engineering teams and management to enhance functionality and improve the design of critical infrastructure as we prepare/anticipate for future needs Together with your team members, Implement complex, vetted designs in an Agile environment. Design robust, maintainable, high performance systems in a Linux / UNIX environment, with emphasis on automated unit and integration testing. Be a mentor to new software engineers, to share your knowledge and experience in software engineering and systems design. You will need to have: Experience and success in re designing and re engineering mature and highly used software systems Experience and success in taking ownership for the full SDLC: from understanding the needs of the business, working with product people and internal customers to formulate requirements, developing and vetting a design to meet the requirements, to implementation, deployment and maintenance. At least 10 years of industry experience as a software engineer, at least 5 of them using C++ in distributed systems. BA, BS, MS, PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or related technology field. Bloomberg is an equal opportunities employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply Now We are looking for a technical leader to join our growing engineering team at Teachable. Our engineering team is structured into small pods of four to six engineers, each led by a pod lead. For this role you will oversee a team of engineers on one of our seven pods, supporting team members and ensuring the successful execution of their projects and operations. While you will not be expected to write critical path code, you will spend some time coding and be the technical owner on your team. You achieve results not through micromanagement, but rather by empowering your team and helping them to run autonomously to deliver great work. You are a growing people manager who cares about the well being and growth of your engineers, you have experience coaching your team members to success and developing their careers. Read up more about engineering here in How We Code at Teachable Responsibilities Manage 4 6 engineers building features, tools, and infrastructure. Lead successful development and delivery of team projects and operations Mentor direct reports, provide performance feedback and help them develop their careers. Collaborate with product, design, and other teams to set the teams roadmap and balance new features with technical debt. Partner with engineering leadership to help determine engineering team strategy, tackle team wide inefficiencies. Upholds Teachable values, including working as part of a diverse team. What We’re Looking For 5+ years of software engineering experience, with 5+ years of combined tech leadership and people management. Previously lead and/or managed a team of 3 or more engineers. Hands on coding experience developing scalable web applications. Extensive experience shipping user facing product, preferably in the consumer space. Proficient at project management; can make the right tradeoffs to ship projects on time with high quality. Experience mentoring individual contributors of different seniority levels and expertise (frontend/backend). Passion for continuous improvement and proven ability to instill in their teams Teachable is an instructor focused platform that empowers creators to build and sell online courses and coaching on any topic from iOS development to watercolor painting to card tricks. Instructors using our platform have collectively earned more than $850 million to date. Since our founding, we've raised more than $125 million from top venture investors and were acquired in March of 2020. Teachable is now a part of the Hotmart group, an international startup, based in Brazil, with over 800 employees worldwide. Hotmart's mission is to help creators earn a living from their passion. We're growing rapidly, with triple digit year over year growth, and are continuing to build a diverse team of top notch talent. We won't hold you back from reaching your full potential at Teachable; you'll have the freedom to be an integral member of our tight knit team, with great benefits and perks. Your work here will directly impact hundreds of thousands of online educators, entrepreneurs, and creatives. We plan to be optionally remote until at least September 2021 Benefits: Comprehensive Health, Dental, & Vision benefits with options covering up to 100% of monthly premium Discretionary paid vacation & time off with a company average of 24 days a year Parental leave, 16 weeks fully paid after three months of service 4% 401(k) with match after three months of service Supplemental student loan repayment assistance or a professional education stipend Tax free commuter benefit Conference budget Dependent Care FSA 50% gym & wellness match Teachable encourages individuals from a broad diversity of backgrounds to apply for positions. We are an equal opportunity employer, meaning we're committed to a fair and consistent interview process. Please tell us in your application if you require an accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Finally, please tell us in your application if you require an accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. We'd do this anyway, but federal law requires us to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Apply Now Bloomberg Index is a rapidly growing business in Bloomberg. We provide proprietary indices for investors to measure, analyze, and invest in global financial markets. Our Indices are the gold standard in Fixed Income Markets. Clients benchmark in excess of five trillion dollars of assets against the Bloomberg Indices. With this level of global impact, we ensure our product can be relied on every single day and meets the highest level of quality. Our global team is responsible for the software platform that enables large scale and high quality daily production of the Bloomberg Indices. Our system acquires millions of data points from various financial markets, analyzes, processes, aggregates, distributes, and publishes the Index data. We use the wealth of financial data within the Bloomberg terminal to help clients construct new index strategies, examine and back test index membership, performance, and characteristics, and monitor index levels. We’ll Trust you to: Take ownership of the full development cycle, from understanding the business needs to coding, testing, deployment, and maintenance. Embrace working together as a team – mentoring and learning from their existing teammates to break knowledge silos and ensure that our team is producing reliable software, and our system is well documented and well understood to our clients. Solve problems in the Big Data and distributed computing domain. Build fast, reliable, flexible and high performance software. Be quick, resourceful, resilient, and an excellent collaborator. Learn to balance the best of technical and product knowledge to craft unsurpassed product solutions for our customers Work in a highly collaborative environment where teamwork is the key to success You’ll need to have: 2+ years of programming experience demonstrating the ability to design systems and debug issues BA/BS, MS, or PhD. in CS or related field (or) relevant work experience 2+ years of experience with object oriented design, data structures, algorithms, databases and all phases of software development Willingness to work with C++ as your primary development language. Self motivated with pragmatic problem solving skills An interest in the financial domain Ability to work in a fast paced environment We'd love to see Experience in designing and maintaining distributed systems or mission critical software. Experience with Test Driven Development, CI/CD tools like Jenkins Familiarity with distributed technologies like Apache Solr, Apache Cassandra or Apache Spark. Experience or interest in building financial application in Multi asset Index and Portfolio Analytics Domain We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. Apply Now ABOUT THIS ROLE: You will be joining a small, experienced technology team as one of the main developers responsible for front end development on our advanced financial services web application. Your job will require you to work with the product management teams, business analysts, your fellow technology team members, and QA resources. In some cases you will also be working closely with marketing to support customer acquisition efforts requiring technology resources such as blog, landing pages, or campaign needs. REQUIREMENTS 2+ years experience developing web based applications in production environments Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a related field Thorough understanding of CSS/HTML and modern page layout techniques Experience working with designers cutting up layouts to implement pixel perfect pages Experience with responsive layout and design, preferably with Bootstrap framework Familiarity with website optimization techniques Experience with Javascript as it pertains to enhancing web pages and managing 3rd party scripts Strong visual design sense and appreciation for development with a client experience focus Clear communication skills (written and oral) and an ability to work effectively with marketing teams Willingness to learn and grow Authorized to work in the US with or without sponsorship WHAT WE PREFER: 2 4+ years of experience preferred Programming experience in Javascript or other languages Single page app experience (eg. Angular, Ember etc). Some experience with an MVC framework like Angular, Backbone, Ember etc. Experience with web analytics (Google Analytics, Mixpanel, etc.) Experience with social media interfaces and related analytical tools Familiarity with SEO and how it affects implementation BENEFITS We have a stellar team of co workers, a really cool office, and lots of fun activities. Oh yeah, and we pay competitive base salaries and we reward performance. Our salary structure is commensurate with experience. In addition, you will be eligible to participate in our comprehensive benefits program including medical insurance and 401(K). The privacy of your personal information is important to us, click here to review our privacy notice. Who we are Albert is a new type of financial service that uses powerful technology to automate your finances, with a team of human experts to guide you. Albert saves and invests automatically for you, helps you avoid overdrafts, finds savings you’re missing, identifies bills you’re overpaying, and much more. Text Albert a financial question, and we’ll not only offer guidance; we’ll help you make it happen. We’re a startup with a proven business model, backed by top tier institutional investors, with over 4 million users who have trusted Albert to help them achieve their financial goals. We’re on a mission to improve the financial lives of millions of people with a beautifully designed, simple product, and we’re looking for thoughtful, talented people to join us on our journey. About the role Albert's iOS app has been live on the app store for over two years and consistently ranks as one of the top apps in the finance section of the app store. Our Android app just launched in the play store and is growing quickly. Over the next year, Albert will be launching multiple new services and products, and we're looking for someone to join our growing mobile team and help build beautifully crafted products. Things you're good at Shipping: Delivering great products that you're proud of on a regular basis. Product: An eye for design and UX with an amazing attention to detail. Diving in: Taking ownership of product lines within the app. Collaboration: We bring the best out of each other. We're looking for people who will bring the best out of all of us. Responsibilities Take ownership of entire product lines on the Android app, working on a team of mobile developers Help us continue to build an app that can scale to millions of users Speed is a feature: build and deploy software that delights because it’s fast Improve our tech stack, tools, and processes Participate and lead discussions and brainstorms to contribute ideas and offer feedback. We work together. Write clean, well tested and modular code that requires minimal QA Requirements 3+ years of experience writing production Android software Kotlin experience (our app is built in Kotlin) 4 year bachelor degree in Computer Science or related degree Strong product sense with a keen eye for UX and design Bonus: familiarity with Python Benefits Competitive salary and meaningful equity Health, vision and dental insurance 401k match Free lunch Job Applicants California Privacy Notice This California Privacy Notice applies to personal information of California job applicants that Albert collects and processes as it relates to the submission of a job application. Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities we're just getting started. Are you passionate about helping those around you be more effective? Do you think about technology as a way to increase efficiency and change how business operates? We are looking for candidates that share our passion for tackling complexity head on, to help build software platforms that can scale through multiple orders of magnitude. As a Technical Program Manager, you will play a key role within infrastructure engineering, driving large cross functional projects that span the organization. Our team is comprised of varying levels of experience and backgrounds, from new grads to industry veterans. Relevant experience is important, but ultimately less so than your demonstrated abilities and attitude. Facebook's infrastructure is constantly redefining what is possible, and we need program managers that can do the same. Build strong and aligned program teams to efficiently deliver on shared goals. Collaborate with Engineering and business owners to define program requirements, set priorities, and establish scope which includes defining the roadmap and long term strategy of the teams that you are partnering with. Manage cross functional dependencies, risks, and changes effectively by optimizing scope, schedule, and resources accordingly. Develop and own communication plans to effectively and proactively communicate program status, issues, and risks to stakeholders. Partner with cross functional teams to drive technical analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation phases. Define and track key metrics and key quality and performance indicators and drive cross functional execution of program deliverables. Proactively identify and analyze complex, long term, critical infrastructure problems with engineering leaders and stakeholders. Influence product decisions to align with higher company initiatives. Drive internal and external process improvements across multiple teams and functions including reducing the manual efforts through automation. BS. in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or equivalent experience. 7+ years of software engineering, systems engineering, hardware engineering, or technical product/program management experience. Experience delivering tech programs or products from inception to delivery. Knowledge of user needs, gathering requirements, and defining scope. Experience operating autonomously across multiple teams, demonstrated critical thinking, and thought leadership. Communication experience and experience working with technical management teams to develop systems, solutions, and products. Organizational, coordination and multi tasking experience. Analytical and problem solving experience with large scale systems. Experience establishing work relationships across multi disciplinary teams and multiple partners in different time zones. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local lawFacebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations ext@fbcom. The New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) is the nation’s largest for hire transportation agency, licensing and regulating the City’s yellow and green taxicabs, for hire vehicles (including apps like Uber, Lyft, and Via), commuter vans, and luxury limousines. TLC develops and enforces rules to promote safety, transparency, as well as consumer and driver protection for a vital mode of transport in New York City. The vehicles, businesses, and drivers licensed and regulated by the agency move over one million people a day. With the introduction of new apps and technologies, TLC is on the front lines of a changing mobility landscape in New York City. TLC collaborates with renowned universities on data analysis, builds partnerships with leaders around the globe on the future of transportation, and works to streamline agency operations to meet the demands of a changing industry. TLC is a committed partner of the Mayor’s Vision Zero initiative to promote safe driving and a leader in city wide initiatives, including open data and the growth of the City’s wheelchair accessible taxi and for hire vehicle fleets. General Statement of Duties and Responsibilities The TLC Information Systems (IT) department is looking for a Microsoft Stack Software Developer who will help the agency achieve its goals through designing, developing and implementing software solutions that address complex business needs. The candidate will be required to communicate clearly with the project team, stakeholders and management. He/She, as a leader, must be able to thrive in a highly collaborative workplace and actively engage in the development process. The top candidate will be smart, self motivated, detailed, and feel comfortable working in a fast paced and ever changing environment. This role requires a strong technical background using Microsoft technologies to build public and internal facing Web sites. Responsibilities include: Writing C# code and configuring software that complies with TLC policies, standards and best practicesCommitting code to a shared source code repository as often as several times per dayTesting software in an automated way (eg., NUnit)Configuring infrastructure and deploying software in an automated way (ie., Microsoft DevOps)Documenting all software components, within the software itself, as comments, and within other approved document repositoriesParticipating in all Scrum activities such as spring planning, daily standups, demo day, and retrospectives. Minimum Qual Requirements Professional/Vendor Certification, Education and Experience Requirements: You must have current professional/vendor certifications. In addition, you must have one of the following: 1. A masters degree in computer science or a related field from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the US. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) AND 12 months of satisfactory full time (not classroom based) specialized experience in computer applications development planning, design, configuration, installation, troubleshooting, integration, performance monitoring, maintenance, enhancement, and security management as described in the following nine Major Task Groups in the IT Titles Task Inventory*: Applications Development; Web Development, Design, and Maintenance; Business/Systems Analysis; Project Management Support; Application Design; GIS Structures, Spatial Analysis, and Mapping Principles; Testing; Technical Writing; and Version Control; OR 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the US. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) AND 24 months of satisfactory full time (not classroom based) specialized experience as described in “1” above; OR 3. A four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State’s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization AND 24 months of satisfactory full time (not classroom based) specialized experience as described in “1” above plus 48 months of information technology experience as described in the IT Task Inventory *; OR 4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience which is equivalent to “3” above. Education may be substituted for the information technology experience on the basis of 30 semester credits from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the US. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) is equivalent to 12 months of experience, up to a maximum of 48 months. However, if you qualify under options “2,” “3” or “4,” you must have at least a four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State’s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization and at least 24 months of satisfactory full time (not classroom based) specialized information technology experience as described in “1” above. Preferred Skills 5+ years of experience writing C# and .NET applicationsExperience building and consuming Web Services (REST and SOAP)Experience with Relational Databases (RDBMS), specifically Microsoft SQL Server, designing schemas, writing queries, stored procedures, etcExperience with Azure Cloud Computing Services – Microsoft Dynamics, Power AppsExperience building dynamic Web sites and working with front end technologies such as HTML5, CSS, and JavaScriptStrong oral and written communication skills (ie., describing complex problems in an easy to understand way)Knowledge of Agile principles and values Familiarity with software security vulnerabilities (eg., OWASP Top 10) and how to mitigate themMicrosoft certifications are a plus (eg., MCPD)Willing to travel within the five boroughs to other NYC office locations (Long Island City and Woodside, Queens) to collaborate with our colleagues in other TLC divisions To Apply Click, "APPLY NOW" Current city employees must apply via Employee Self Service (ESS) Work Location 33 Beaver St, New York Ny Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position Lunchbox Technologies Inc is looking for a talented self starting frontend web developer to join NYC’s newest restaurant ordering startup. Lunchbox is a SaaS platform which specializes in building out Mobile, Web and Kiosk digital ordering and loyalty solutions for restaurant groupsAs a member of a growing startup you will be working very closely with each team member to execute any server side related development and upkeepWhat You Can Expect From UsHow Things Are Now: Web ordering is an customer facing platform for people to place orders for pickup and delivery. Some examples:https://orderbareburger.comhttps://orderstickys.comhttps://order16handles.com Admin panel is an internal facing tool for making remote changes to content fed to and derived from the app. iOS and Android apps for customers to place orders for pickup and delivery. Some examples:Bareburger iOS: https://appsapple.com/us/app/bareburger app/id1450355222Bareburger Android: https://playgoogle.com/store/apps/details?id=combareburger.bareburgerandroid.app An existing backend which is integrated with multiple POS (Point of Sale) such as Toast, Revel, Clover as well as Square, Stripe, and Worldpay for payment processingWhat Is In Progress: Building out new themable components for our frontend customer ordering sites, and onboarding new customers onto our web platform. Updating the admin panel to be an external facing product rather than an internal management tool. Moving mobile app styling to be configurable by admin panel, as well an iterating with new app functionality based on growing platform partnershipsWhat It’s Like Working Here: Ready to jump in on the occasional after hours problem solving. We work in the restaurant industry after all You'll be in on the ground floor, joining a profitable startup since day one Work with a bunch of like minded engineers who know their way around those 1s and 0s Join our team in NYC and eat from a different restaurant every day in the heart of NoMadWhat We Expect From You: We're looking for people like us, that's what the initial 30 day trial period is for. You learn about us, we learn about you, and if it doesn't work out, you still got compensated along the way. To be a role leader and engineering wizard who can ask the right questions from all teams to prevent mission critical errors A laid back personality that can strap and execute under pressure while taking all criticism in stride Be an amazing team playerGeneral Responsibilities: A solid understanding of developing web application backends with Nodejs, MongoDB, and MySQL. Create REST APIs with Expressjs Understanding of Nginx and Ubuntu. Able to design secure cloud infrastructure that and scale on platforms such as and especially Amazon Web ServicesSpecific Responsibilities: Working with our team to rewrite the existing backend Managing and implementing integrations with Square, Stripe, Braintree, Toast, and other Point of Sale (POS) systems. Building out backend infrastructure to cleanly separate functionality destined for the Web and App platforms from what is needed for what will be a client facing Admin panelSkills: MongoDB, Expressjs, Nodejs, MySQL, Amazon Web ServicesRequirements: A solid understanding of developing web application backends with Nodejs, MongoDB, and MySQLCreate REST APIs with ExpressjsUnderstanding of Nginx, Linux, and UbuntuAble to design secure cloud infrastructure that and scale on platforms such as and especially Amazon Web ServicesPlus: Experience with writing single page applications using ReactExperience with GraphQL a big plusJob Type: Full timePay: $65,00000 $95,00000 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:Nodejs: 4 years (Preferred)MongoDB: 4 years (Preferred)Expressjs: 4 years (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationVisa Sponsorship Potentially Available:No: Not providing sponsorship for this jobThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative innovative and risk takingAggressive competitive and growth orientedTeam oriented cooperative and collaborativeCompany's website:https://wwwlunchbox.ioWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 A stable and growing non profit organization located in Manhattan is hiring a new, permanently remote, Ruby on Rails Manager. They help individuals and families that are dealing with financial hardships. They want to help everyone gain access to the support, aid, and financial services available for every unique situation. The ideal candidate is someone that is technical, but also has experience leading a team. This role will involve managing a team of 5+ direct reports. Most of your responsibilities will be management focused (code reviews and architecture/design) but they want someone that isn’t too far removed from doing hands on codingRequired:Experience managing teams with three or more direct reportsExperience working with Ruby on RailsExperience with ReactAn interest in mission driven/non profit workUnfortunately, this client is unable to provide sponsorship or transferThis is a full time, permanent direct hire. Not available as corp to corp, contract, C2HJob Type: Full timePay: $130,00000 $150,00000 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:Ruby: 1 year (Preferred)This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable more reliable than spontaneousDetail oriented would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureWork Remotely:Yes, temporarily due to COVID 19 Responsibilities The Global Business Service Unit (“GBSU”) department has worldwide responsibility for supplying Global Banking and Investor Solutions (“GBIS”) with all the technology and operations resources necessary for them to function under competitive conditions in terms of technological standards, service quality and cost. The GBSU technology division is responsible for front office systems development globally, supporting trading activity in America, Europe and Asia. Focusing on Fixed Income, our group provides pricing tools, negotiation engines, market connectivity and other trading system applications. The New York team supports the rapidly growing New York trading desks with a combination of in house and vendor systems. All teams in our group are co located on the trading floor and have daily interactions with our users. Part of a global setup for FIC activities (Rates, Emerging, Forex, structured products and Credit), the pricing team develops on a common platform, with applications deployed in Paris, London, New York, Hong Kong and Tokyo. The team has a long history of relying on Agile and continuous delivery methodologies (Kanban) and tools (Jira / Wekan / GHE / Jenkins / TeamCity / OctopusDeploy). The pricing team is currently looking to hire a motivated, proactive and highly contributing DevOps to work on strategic projects that require an accelerated time to market. As part of this position, you will Act as the main point of contact with the Fixed Income front officers in the New York office regarding the various pricing tools they use. Design and develop pricing solutions for the traders Be responsible for software releases, configuration, monitoring and support of all production system components and infrastructure. Troubleshoot technical or functional issues in a complex financial environment to provide timely resolution, with various applications and platforms that are global. Work with users to understand and gather their needs in our catalogue. Then participate on the required developments. Manage several streams of work concurrently. Get in touch with our teams abroad to deploy and adapt existing European and Asian tools. Bring a passion to stay on top of DevOps trends, experiment with and learn new CI/CD technologies. Profile required Qualifications: [Required] Undergraduate or Graduate degree in Computer Science or related concentration. [Desired / Plus] Degree in Finance. Experience Needed: [Desired / Plus] Experience as DevOps in financial services industry. [Desired / Plus] Experience in Fixed Income pricing. Technical Skills: [Required] Strong object oriented programming skills. [Required] Comfortable with scripting language. [Required] Knowledge of source control tools. [Required] Understanding of Agile and CI/CD concepts. [Desired / Plus] Experience developing applications using .Net C# 45+ [Desired / Plus] Experience developing user interfaces using Angular 4 or React [Desired / Plus] Knowledge of TeamCity and OctopusDeploy. Competencies: [Required] Energetic, self directed and self motivated, able to build and sustain long term relationships with business and colleagues. [Required] Ability to solve problems with a keen eye for details; a strong desire to learn and contribute solutions and ideas to the team. [Required] Self directed, independent and comfortable in a fast paced, ambiguous and matrix environments. [Required] Can manage multiple tasks and use judgment to prioritize and escalate to achieve desired outcomes. [Required] Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to adapt one’s communication to the audience. [Desired / Plus] Knowledge on Capital Market and Investment Banking Activities. [Desired / Plus] Knowledge in risk analysis and pricing. Languages: [Required] English. [Desired / Plus] French. Business insight At Societe Generale, we live by our 4 core values of commitment, responsibility, team spirit and innovation. We are engaged and demonstrate consideration for others. We act ethically and with courage. We focus our talent and energy on collective success. We experiment and propose new ideas. This way, we maximize our ability to serve client needs and anticipate market changes. Societe Generale is committed to strengthening bonds with colleagues, communities and the world in which we live, because relationships are at the heart of how we operate. We are an equal opportunities employer and we are proud to make diversity a strength for our company. Societe Generale is committed to recognizing and promoting all talents, regardless of their beliefs, age, disability, parental status, ethnic origin, nationality, sexual or gender identity, sexual orientation, membership of a political, religious, trade union or minority organisation, or any other characteristic that could be subject to discrimination. Référence: 20000P38 Entité: SG Americas Securities Date de début: 2021/01/04 Date de publication: 2020/11/10 Peloton's Quality Engineering team is looking for experienced, well rounded Software Development Engineer In Test (SDET) to work on our award winning Peloton products Peloton Bike & Peloton Tread. As a member of Peloton's Product Engineering Backend team you'll be the one powering every user experience across Bike, Tread, mobile, web, and TV in four different countries. We help users take live and on demand classes, send each other high fives, compete on the leaderboard, take part in challenges, discover new music, and much more. We are building an API that changes people's lives, you can check out the Peloton members page and see what our users are up to: https://wwwfacebook.com/groups/pelotonmembers Peloton's Product Engineering Backend team is looking for a Software Development Engineer in Test. You are demanding of high quality products and believe in (almost) all things automated. It's an opportunity to grow within Peloton's test engineering team and help us implement good test engineering practices YOU WILL HAVE: Strong programming skills obtained through a degree or equivalent experience. 5+ years experience working in software test automation for API. Solid understanding of object oriented concepts with any OO languages Experience with one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Python, Kotlin, Scala or Java. Solid understanding of GIT Experience interacting with REST API Ability to accomplish complex engineering task independently IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL: Implement test tools and frameworks for our backend services API, Leaderboard etc Define, design and implement automation test cases for regression, integration, service and contract tests of all the leaderboard services Integrate testing efforts and tools with CICD Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results Create logs to document testing phases and defects Find and report bugs with accurate, technically complete and concise steps to reproduce. Help troubleshoot issues Collaborate with QA Engineers to develop effective strategies and test plans BONUS POINTS IF YOU: Experience working writing and running CI/CD jobs Monitoring/Tracing/Profiling: Monitoring tools such as Datadog, Tracing tools such as Zipkin or Datadog APM Deploy platforms and tooling: Jenkins, Kubernetes Caching: Memcache, Redis Relational Database: Postgres, or MySQL ABOUT PELOTON Peloton is the largest interactive fitness platform in the world with a loyal community of more than 3 million Members. The company pioneered connected, technology enabled fitness, and the streaming of immersive, instructor led boutique classes for its Members anytime, anywhere. Peloton makes fitness entertaining, approachable, effective, and convenient, while fostering social connections that encourage its Members to be the best versions of themselves. An innovator at the nexus of fitness, technology, and media, Peloton has reinvented the fitness industry by developing a first of its kind subscription platform that seamlessly combines the best equipment, proprietary networked software, and world class streaming digital fitness and wellness content, creating a product that its Members love. The brand's immersive content is accessible through the Peloton Bike, Peloton Tread, Peloton Bike+, Peloton Tread+, and Peloton App, which allows access to a full slate of fitness classes across disciplines, on any iOS or Android device, Apple TV, Fire TV, Roku TVs, and Chromecast and Android TV. Founded in 2012 and headquartered in New York City, Peloton has a growing number of retail showrooms across the US, UK, Canada and Germany. For more information, visit wwwonepeloton.com. The Elevator Pitch: Why will you enjoy this new opportunity? You love working on state of the art technology in a distributed and high performing team, and you want to help build an ambitious SaaS solution (Tanzu Mission Control) for operating and managing Kubernetes at scale. You are passionate about improving the resiliency, reliability, and performance of services. Tanzu Mission Control allows you to build, manage, and operate a self service Kubernetes platform that can run anywhere. You will be working as a collaborative partner in a diverse environment whose teams care about the products they are creating, how they create them, and the quality of the result. You will be learning and growing your career at the company that values and invests in its employees What is the primary need, technical challenge, and/or problem you will be responsible for? We need someone who can design, build, analyze, and improve distributed systems. You will maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency, and overall system health as part of an on call rotation. You will manage hosted services and recognize the challenges, complexities and trade offs to be made when building and deploying new systems to production Success in the Role: What are the performance goals over the first 6 12 months you will work toward completing? Collaborate with geographically dispersed teams on building and maintaining globally distributed architectures on popular cloud providers using terraform and related tooling Contribute to Tanzu Mission Control’s increased reliability while maintaining support for product driven initiatives What type of work will you be doing? What assignments, requirements, or skills will you be performing on a regular basis? Collaborate on a team to build, review, and help design high quality code and infrastructure using golang and terraform Be responsible for maintaining Kubernetes resources in production and development environments. Participate in 14/7 on call rotation being part of geographically distributed teams Develop automation for the deployment, monitoring, and observability of services. Collaborating with other geographically distributed engineering teams What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like? The hiring manager for this role is Kam Kyrala, Manager, Site Reliability Engineering for Tanzu Mission Control. His expertise has been built from years as a front line engineer, technical lead, and for the last six years, managing Site Reliability Engineering teams. What are the benefits and perks of working at VMware? You and your loved ones will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights, or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting wwwbenefits.vmwarecom. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Medical Coverage, Retirement, and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types Generous Time Off Programs 40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges, or developmental disabilities Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation, trainings, course work, etc.) Healthy and local inspired snacks in all our on site pantries This position is eligible for TanzuChallenge referral campaign Category : Engineering and Technology Subcategory: Site Reliability Experience: Manager and Professional Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Remote: No Posted Date: 2020 11 03 VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careersvmware.com. Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law. Company Description As an Etsy employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to keep commerce human. Job Description Etsy is hiring product focused Software Engineers to join the Seller Ads team. This role is excellent for a collaborative full stack or backend engineer with an interest in building trustworthy software and outstanding user experiences to help our sellers broaden their impact. The Etsy marketplace has an abundance of one of a kind items from independent artists, designers and vintage collectors from around the world. These users constitute a vibrant global community of sellers who expect Etsy to help them scale their businesses through advanced advertising capabilities aimed at drawing buyers to their shops. Are you interested in empowering the growth of millions of small businesses? About the Team Our team is responsible for building an on site advertising platform that helps our sellers grow their businesses by driving traffic to their listings. We’re building a diversified set of tools that gives sellers the power to understand the impact of their efforts without needing to know anything about paid advertising. We’re a cross functional group of engineers, researchers, designers, and product managers. Here’s a taste of the problems we’re solving: How can we make advertising relatable to our sellers, so they can focus more on their craft? How do we keep our inventory of 60+ million listings synchronized across our distributed data stores? How can we optimize seller spend across many ad products, in order to make sure sellers are getting the best return possible on their advertising budgets? How can we build an attribution platform that is transparent, reliable, and scalable? Our product work is in PHP, React, MySQL, Memcached, we build data intensive applications in Spark and Python; we are proud to have an engineering culture that encourages career growth and learning. You can learn more about our philosophies, tools, and some of the challenges we’ve been solving on our Engineering blog: http://codeascraftcom/ We are language agnostic in our approach to interviewing. This role is located in our Brooklyn HQ. Qualifications About You You will do well in this role if you: Have experience operating within a large codebase and working to create simplicity from complex systems; Love to experiment and use data to drive decision making. You’re comfortable iterating, backtracking, and making tough calls on what to roll out based on data; Have working knowledge and experience with third party integrations; Write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability Enjoy thinking about the implications of your work on our sellers. You are comfortable collaborating with Product Managers and Data Analysts to ensure that you’re delivering impactful product features Additional Information At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets. Digital Pulp is looking for a passionate and talented PHP Developer with WordPress superpowers to create exemplary interactive brand experiences for our clients. We are seeking someone that has had a significant development role on a large scale WordPress project from conception to implementation. You can assess and solve complex visual or functional issues with WordPress as they arise, and work within the WordPress guidelines to come up with better solutions when necessary. You have battled with the WP REST API and Advanced Custom Fields plugin and won, and can bring to life our meticulously designed visual layouts and elegant user interactions within the world of WordPress. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone who would like to be part of an experienced in house dev team at one of New York's most well respected digital agencies. This position can be here in our office or remote. It can also be remote full time, or part time remote and part time in the office. Or it could be 1/12th time in the office and 11/12th time remote like Troy. Or you could make up your own distribution of time spent working from the office vs home. Or maybe your home is an office and in that case 100% from your office should be fine, too. Here’s what we love about you Advanced PHP skills and a deep understanding of WordPress’ APIs (Settings, REST, various plugin APIs) and advanced caching strategies Experience using Timber with WordPress along with expert proficiency in Twig Experience leading development implementation in a team or project basis Confident and comfortable to define and present decisions that are scalable and reusable Ability to lead development putting together and championing organization wide best practices Capable of making a determination when to build something in house and when to leverage on industry standard plugins such as Advanced Custom Fields, SearchWP and FacetWP Loves modular and reusable components enough that you have strong opinions on and embraced one or more methodologies like OOCSS, SMACSS and BEM Experience using Twig, Blade, HAML and/or other templating languages Expert proficiency in the intricacies of front end development (IE10+, FF, Chrome, Safari macOS, Safari iOS, Android stock and Android Chrome, Mac and PC) At least intermediate JavaScript experience and comfortable writing vanilla JS Experience and comfort using a Git pull request model Expert proficiency in Grunt, Bower, Gulp and other build tools Experience using third party development libraries including Bootstrap, Foundation, Bourbon, Neat and Bitters for prototyping and developing The ability to develop, test and debug across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including smartphones and tablets Experience and deep understanding of WCAG 20 AA Web Content Accessibility Guidelines and testing for WCAG 20 AA compliance Comfort using the terminal to get things done Competencies Troubleshooting and problem solving capabilities Skilled at collaborating with team members and clients Flexible and able to deal with frequently shifting priorities Interested? Send a cover letter, resume and sample URLs of your best work to [email protected] with the subject line "WordPress PHP Developer: Your Name." IMPORTANT: Do NOT send samples of work that you've only modified from someone else's code base we want to see from scratch code planning and development. 5 years of Full stack Java development ExperienceAngular, React and API experienceKafka ExperienceMicroservices experienceJob Types: Full time, ContractPay: $4200 $5500 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:Full stack Java development: 6 years (Required)Kafka: 2 years (Required)Angular: 3 years (Required)React: 2 years (Required)Microservices: 3 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes, always Job Title: Xamarin with Android Software ArchitectLocation: Plano, TexasDuration: 6+ monthsExperience: 10+years· 10+ years’ experience in software design & development using C# and Xamarin for mobile apps· significant experience and expertise in Android app development· Experience leading a software development project· Solid understanding of CS concepts including software design, architecture, design patterns, data structures, algorithms, multithreading and databases· Bachelor or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering· Excellent communication skillsContract length: 1 6 monthsJob Types: Full time, ContractSalary: $98,56900 $209,66100 per year A financial services firm is seeking a UI Web Developer to join their team in New York, NYResponsibilitiesCode, conduct code reviews, and test software as needed, along with participating in application architecture and design and other phases of the SDLCWork as part of an agile team that consist of web application and web services developersWork in a global virtual team, sometimes across multiple time zonesQualifications5+ years of professional experience in building responsive websitesSolid understanding and experience with Object Oriented design and developmentThorough understanding of web technologies and web architectExperience in web development and JavaScript TechnologiesMobile web development is a plusJob Type: ContractSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:No We’re Medly, a human centered digital pharmacy that prioritizes patient well being. Our mission is to deliver prescriptions to patients at prices they can afford regardless of income, lifestyle, language or diagnosis. We live our mission to democratize healthcare by leveraging technology to create accessible tools for improving lives. Visit us online at https://medlycom/en usWe are looking for a Senior iOS Engineer with the desire to make an impact and help us achieve our patient centric visionYour overall mission: As a Senior iOS Engineer, you’ll be an integral part of a solution oriented product development team tasked with creating great outcomes for customers. In deep partnership with leadership, you’ll work in an empowering environment that promotes product team autonomy and rewards innovative thinkingWhat you’ll do: Actively develop and support new and existing features on our flagship iOS application to drive convenience and outcomes for our patientsContinue building upon our relationship with Apple and innovating our application to be on the cutting edge of what iPhone users expect to do on their devicesWrite lucid, maintainable code that will scale across distributed teamsDrive the automation and resilience of the application’s testing and deployment processesPromote industry best practices and bring forth innovative ideas and concepts that can positively benefit the platformTranslate product requirements and asks from product managers and designers into tangible engineering results while working backwards from the customerWhat you’ll gain: Competitive compensation and benefitsUnlimited room for growth and developmentThe ability to make a noticeable impact and improve livesWhat you’ll need: 4 or more years of iOS application experience, preferably with a variety of iOS frameworksKnowledge of (or willingness to learn) Health Kit fundamentals and how they translate to Apple’s Human Interface GuidelinesExperience with a version control tool (ie. Git) and Unit TestingFamiliarity with Continuous Integration, MVP, or MVVM is a bonusSolid understanding of web based APIs and how to interface with them effectively and efficiently from a mobile app (bonus points if you’ve built some yourself!)Strong opinions about platform best practices with an understanding of how to translate them to conform to business needsWillingness and ability to mentor othersPassion for team successMedly Pharmacy is an equal opportunity employer. We proudly celebrate diversity and are devoted to creating an inclusive environment for all employees regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, military service, or any other non merit factorJob Type: Full timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftCOVID 19 considerations:We're currently working remote for the forseeable futureExperience:iOS Development: 4 years (Required)Swift: 3 years (Preferred)Git: 2 years (Preferred)Unit testing: 2 years (Preferred)Company's website:https://medlycom/en usBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full time employees eligible The consultant, who would be hired as a full time employee of Talan, would join our team at the client site operating in the client’s Listed Derivatives Middle Office. Our client is a a major French Corporate and Investment Bank in Midtown, Manhattan. The consultant, who would be hired as a full time employee of Talan, would join our team at the client site operating in the client’s Listed Derivatives Middle Office. The Listed Derivatives Middle Office team is responsible for ensuring the back office clearing for all listed derivatives trades. The successful candidate would integrate the middle office team, and would be the technical Support and Devops for the team. Responsibilities Essential duties and responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Provide timely resolution of highly technical and specific user issues and requests; Monitor performances, fine tune processes and manage capacity planning to be consistent with the low latency expectation; Manage high performing in house order routing, feed handlers, pre trade checks and trade reporting services; Provide support to the middle office operating various strategies on a wide range of assets; Work closely with the middle office team, as well as with the back office and front office Required Qualifications Required Skill Set Proficiency with Unix/Linux system administration including troubleshooting techniques Extended knowledge in SQL Previous experience in a finance and banking environment Desired Skill Set Listed Derivatives Scripting Languages (python) Interpersonal Be passionate, determined, and have intellectual curiosity Results oriented, highly flexible, team player The ability to manage multiple tasks in a fast paced environment The ability and desire to work autonomously (the DevOps would be the only support person in the middle office team) Required Education and Experience 3 7 years Company’s Benefits Talan’s offices are located in Union Square, right in the center of Manhattan. Our company benefits include: Competitive salary 401(k) retirement plan with company matching Three weeks of paid vacation per year at hire and up to 5 weeks according to seniority (annual untaken vacation days are cashed out) Eight paid holidays Company health, dental and vision insurance plans Other benefits such as sick and personal days, transit benefits and perks. Company ProfileUnited Public Safety (wwwupsafety.net) is a leading provider of enforcement and records management solutions to modern governments. We are committed to the idea that government technology doesn’t have to be outdated, software doesn’t have to be complex to be smart, and that small teams can do big things. Our goal is to bring governments into the modern age by making cutting edge technology accessible to even the smallest departments. As a SaaS company, our people are truly our greatest asset, and we work daily with the mindset that our employees’ individual achievements and personal growth are the backbone of our successJob DescriptionAre you tired of living in a corporate box? Do you want to make a real, positive impact on an organization’s codebase, and know your voice is heard? At UPsafety, you’ll join a small, highly productive team churning out correct, maintainable, high performance, modern C# to support UPsafety’s ever growing feature set across our product linesYou’ll work with our team of engineers, designers, and product managers to craft a cohesive experience for managers, administrators, and their officers in the field. By joining our team, you will play a significant role in the growth of our engineering effort, and have the opportunity to make a real impact, with involvement across all aspects of the SDLCWhat you’ll be doing: Design and develop new product features on all parts of the stackCollaborate with design, product, and QA teams to deliver projects with measurable business resultsSuggest and drive improvement on all parts of the stack and internal development processesHelp our skilled support team triage bugs and troubleshoot production issuesLearn from and mentor other engineers and participate in code reviewsWhat you should have: 2+ years of production experience using web technologies including C# MVC, JavaScript, CSS, Ajax, etc. to develop sophisticated web based user interfacesDeep experience using relational databases, preferably using MS SQL Server including complex stored proceduresExperience with Azure or other cloud based hosting solutionsExperience architecting and implementing highly scalable, high throughput web applicationsBackground in computer science, engineering, or another related field and a strong track record of building interesting projects; Bachelors or Master in Computer Science preferredSelf motivation and the ability to take a high level goal and deliver shippable codeAbility to communicate effectively and collaborate with remote team membersBonus round!Someone who actively considers the fine balance between shipping speed and perfectionProduct mindset. You understand that building the right tools and systems impacts real usersReady to roll up your sleeves. Many of our projects are truly full stack, and you might have to move from front end to sysadmin at a moment's noticePlease reply with Resume, Salary Expectations and AvailabilityJob Type: Full timePay: $100,00000 $130,00000 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:.net: 2 years (Required)Work Location:Fully RemoteVisa Sponsorship Potentially Available:No: Not providing sponsorship for this jobWork Remotely:Yes, always 